## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-no5/zgQGupzPFGWV8VpJzfQau5/GI2v5b7I45l6nKc8gMOxzBHfgyxNdjQEnmW94 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-u2nRnIxVxHkjnpxFScw/XgxNVuLz4dXXiT56xbp+Kk2b8AuStNgggHNpM9HO569A /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-aZt7VNjEA1w4GeGPtZOPocoO/e6oIc9bMjNlN0GMXRkOoTMaEM2FCq4B6GkHANht /es/languages/diff.js
sha384-3J9ZKxCAysZ+DowS+TRZQFLDNVJwRq0pxq9t/JYsuFRmBSwgvJrbRDH4Av46yJft /es/languages/diff.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-OJrXTVCemUa68axskWVxZHXuDfyPWWFK0X2cJsPaMBt6jGY1HxnBZJVPEHTqou4H /es/languages/lua.js
sha384-cjlU8DPjZ3XY/dLzIx+CaoB2jzKXf43s2KSU2rZQGmxwR1d7k9p+SFt1IsNkFnnV /es/languages/lua.min.js
sha384-JkFMmKMbHcXjdfHauRnREGG6i73GyMisdqNivBm4Z9m2Oc82YIu5jQtIjLa508e8 /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-65/lNNIY+ayhHTtFznjnyZ5w2NDdZIpSEcqjss/p4ex5JamZ46FdYwDDf6IBLCmE /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-BxojDi6ePBYN3unEc6aUEpUtUyx0Eq0i/UZPISuI2YQy6eAD5HzD0dtBC53uZ6R1 /es/languages/php.js
sha384-C28kAnknmyKQUME+2sa0tyQkFMN1S/aUSB1gQ+PKUf0+ewgxNh8CwAmd+C0UUaZ7 /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-dkR9Qv3ZGmcTGGFP26gmcHC9DBgRYE0XLGxF3mBXlBZaBrscW0vIiVN7oTyQmrbe /es/languages/plaintext.js
sha384-AkqanemYxn6S3BQnW2++1+xqywaq2bJfFlfiAkPNd7Yv5t9YsS8tFzVVopyOa747 /es/languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-LZ+YGF0Xve9sHzC9G37Kc14gDC6lfDpny2hggVJVfHb+OsTEXgMGLmAWUJzi4YRC /es/languages/rust.js
sha384-/ktfWRgwL+kZAZeeXDl9mwkD/3atjwjkzLCCoSHtME7MzP87wMhUmNUZ83AoqYx2 /es/languages/rust.min.js
sha384-VYwyP5ddOUunx1AGpbtE38OKY2PbjW9kk6X6622tvqprRJk6W8/tgMvI7MqaOZZw /es/languages/shell.js
sha384-gRgqaIgHrAR1qlo866rkV1AUahqopv0dnpFFLAC4X3jYTDagRCTxQBTMFGV1+x1U /es/languages/shell.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-BcyijKQAe0oJGoEBf0y/+dTJjKiy4bIAVdjreJw+MiOkPgCEjM/2FY2+W7K6tcEZ /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-Mfjt0R07QBpLXhGWeCetLw7s2mTQSoXmcyYnfsSNq4V4YG3FwayBjxod9MxjSB1x /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-Tdx2DY9ZTHx3KhVXYqOVKx3q1zOboDGlTTv8sgMlER8y4WETtqL+C4VQ7B4A0OGq /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-n9ZezaAVj8pK1BIFZQxmC1BM9yGuBNRgvsOxHMHPCXzqYd1gSYIu9KjgGEm8K57w /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-40MP6/ECSjYaTAIf+/ibE2FPeFPQ53WbASndXxMOcXiQtgLbGXUStZVuPSngp7OD /es/languages/yaml.js
sha384-vXmhozexi2dHQBoniIEbWI5ZqDxyVfUs96BUGpqjWL1aberSp9pyxbvK8WCNASGB /es/languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-4SbTAv3AX2fuPCpSv6HW3p07YgA7hFfcwG2zJHtYv0ATIt1juD3IXj2NSYwTeIpm /languages/bash.js
sha384-83HvQQdGTWqnRLmgm19NjCb1+/awKJGytUX9sm3HJb2ddZ9Fs1Bst2bZogFjt9rr /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-ptbaKMqucgUUAhyaQfodHtSDpTA0AAoyGZZqos59ECIdi1qKRnUZcLOxMkZaxkul /languages/diff.js
sha384-IZ99gU0P2i3O8itOlz4exVdl6lGFAgj7zq4hgyoe29bt1KyJykBSCxdH8ubn3DSk /languages/diff.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-N16TmpAW2Qx3T6s3/C0f0jweUUSh69YsJ1+AnOsAePpjmmydXF/mjeY0MZEF/cPn /languages/lua.js
sha384-WES4Ky9nlehN2gBM6oY3/98hVtWF5PZnBO+7jK8ZVKFo+QR32zhfuRK+Mv9jQsOK /languages/lua.min.js
sha384-TVvUXbmPgdS59xZSFUeyNQ1vUkeCbBpuMj3qlzdEwdQhoO5F/WNdI94UEw8g7Enp /languages/markdown.js
sha384-sFh+6oaRBb6kdaMLf8x7qeH7NTvm2u1Ta6PtI0S8hoA+bP7UtHCyKFzaI1JBXwhT /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-swGDgtGOmzrsbFAaQRjzvGs0hhe0N86mfHIuisr3W9AT0hiheGyRORSGrbMDGOw5 /languages/php.js
sha384-Xd0AQIkWCEjBL8BNMtDMGVqFXkf445J6PNUJdXbh334ckjeSa90wtSUjXySuz+rt /languages/php.min.js
sha384-v4qiQbdZu8obdLOFoHrZxA44mmxnjZUelyHe7A6RuqmckxO5weYQVrN8Dx2UpAR1 /languages/plaintext.js
sha384-hE+znpd5xggEBW6IccZoCI0mgFHAfLVuqT/7aW8RakaQ4UJnI058SfIX3lhdGxtE /languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-rCXn7K5j/lD2PrSex2XCqyLKap2Ibnsls0uQCx4ZaezI1FJ5RYvoWcsAl/v8SKlE /languages/rust.js
sha384-VTNxHMz2AmpHxzSm8SvRI0As5+wID2j2XJBFtWTic2iEK8WbXgR1fymVQS9S2DvY /languages/rust.min.js
sha384-KYOeDvyFo8fJObDV1L1aoPnfs6XG68LL6j3INM7McXyRYtBZF7DdUsNjK25dtxKo /languages/shell.js
sha384-olAuUjfRvTi/iEH4RXRpaq/G1iJGizn7OefkyJLQYuqNhh1xAV5dnUrkH/LlPd9j /languages/shell.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-4q0Mj1AHSvVdgi6nXDGdkiHZQcme/PcCE+MvwCvnAIZSjhJfk3UpjJU2nn2eImWz /languages/typescript.js
sha384-rfwxAwuWzb2XdSU7HN3IhrSyCq96Nj4p1ZYPCNAGbqtnPsaWl8d5eSypxPbW6alT /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-QAL2h4IMgQaJUJjUy0dSWdAut7o/A272ai8qOsJ8SSm9KMxkdLgH7oGfLGft/EJ0 /languages/xml.js
sha384-CN3No+n1UZXCFYyl+ge5yAPGTNGuH23BdIsFJxntDmEYL94AmoZlNBHGSdjVSjKG /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-3KIoWvJ5JGRH35WAkzreEebY8sug+ZWeaOPS2r1KIfznEU9TtPFpxX6sIgtaiA9G /languages/yaml.js
sha384-bMkvdnz+wPu1ro0fqO3BaDWztc7RzSvw05MQFP6bhJKDcwpkrFYTfTFI9ndkP11l /languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-RvBIZdWCxc9R/tCl+p8U+9g6d/882zv6gYmuZjStDjDJENzq4WDpCKqQAa98kK1O /highlight.js
sha384-CkyDOgBIEFrrPU0mA4V+5UYYLgmpO1ZmZySOEkdxNGQwaEjcHpGNT6riLFR8XQIM /highlight.min.js
```

