# An intresting and packed week
A lot of things happened, or well i think a lot of things did anyway...

## Let's start with the ice
This isn't the most intresting one, hence why we're starting with it.

Every year, an ice skate ring appears in town for a couple of weeks around christmas so i went ice skating with family. We only had a 45 minute session and the overall experience was kinda meh. <br>
The saftey video they showed at the start was aimed at people who are viewers of mainly shorts, which was like alright at least the youngesters attention is grabbed but it was a bit too much over the top for me.
(I don't watch that many shorts, and defentially not in that context)
The skating itself wasn't bad, just going around in loops. The ice could have been taken care of better as some places were defenitally noticable differences than others.
The skates also weren't the best, but consedering the situtation they weren't that bad either.

Ice skating, i'm going to compare to roller skating. They are both activites which require balancing on either wheels or blades so are very similar. I still prefer roller skating over ice skating but it was still a fun morning out.

## Big website updates
I try to update the website with a feature or two with every blog post. That way i kinda have something to talk about and it gives me a goal to get features done by instead of just leaving them uncompleted for ages. <br>
This update brings a few major changes and a bunch of more minor changes.

### Day time
Welcome to day, which is actually readable now. During day time the text colour will be black to make it readable against the bright colours, Night time will still be white but at least it isn't impossible to read at day

### Navigation Improvement
The whole navigation system has been upadated, allowing for better integration into the browser.
Due to the whole one-page system, the navigation is unique as the browser back button won't go back due to the page contents being modified by javascript.

Now with this update those issues have been fixed and you can navigate to your hearts content. Just be careful with reloading pages they don't treat the system too well currently.
Also, although this system is better there are still some edge cases that haven't been accounted for yet and will break, but you can still navigate using the navigation bar.

### Quick links
Two new pages have been added [/github](github/index.html) and [/github/website](github/website/index.html), these pages are blank pages but instead redirect you to github.

`/github` redirects you to my github home page.
`/github/website` redirects you to the github repo for this website.

These links were originally added to help me get to my stuff quicker, especially the website code files (my AOC repo messes with the autocomplete for this website repo as well...)
Consedering how easy they are to add, i might add more in the future. And when i do so, i'll talk about them.

The annoying thing with most websites using github pages, is the lack of ability to go to the github repo. Sometimes the page is a demo and the source code is useful yet getting there is not an easy task. Hence why i added these.

### Behind the scenes update, snackbar.
The snackbar system used to be a module, but now is a class. So fell free to use it by calling anything under `snackbar` in the browser console.
This change doesn't affect anything front-end, mainlly just back-end stuff to make everything consistant.

### The rest of the changes
Have mainally just been spelling fixes or updating the advent of code blog. AOC has taken up so much time that to do some of these changes i'm having to work on the website late at night.

## Ok, next up... Pets
In my family we have 3 pets, 2 cats and a dog. And sometimes they make no sense like all pets do..

Cats are named `River` and `Missy`, whilst the dog is named `pippa`. All pets are female.

This morning (Sunday 22nd), i woke up to see River sleeping within arms reach of me by the radiator, I allow the cats to come and sleep with me, i keep my door open all the time. And during the winter season especially, River loves to come up into my room.
Although when she has been, she's normally been sleeping at the leg end, the complete opposite side to me and faw away from my arm reach, so its a nice suprise when shes sleeping within arms reach.

Yesterday, as i was working on AOC, pippa decided to sleep on me, well on my leg to be more specific. She already came and sat down next to me, i just ended up putting my leg onto of her paws which soon after she laid her head and started to snore,
a common sign of her being asleep. This is a case of pippa being weird to sleep in such a position on probably not the best surface to sleep on, but still slightly funny.

Might as well mention her... I don't interact with Missy as much as i do with pippa and river, so there isn't much to talk about if we are talking about the three of them.

## Anime or wait maybe not yet
The winter season (Winter25) of anime is comming up in a couple of days, consedering that although i would like to talk about anime i think i'll wait.

Although, why am i talking about anime here? Well...<br>
First off before that i use MAL [My Anime List](https://myanimelist.net/profile/dragmine), And yes, MAL does have a discussion board. The forums on each unique anime. But these forums seem more like a place to post your own opion instead of a discussion.
Due to that (and my inability to join big groups), although i read them daily (only the ones of the anime i watched), i still fell like it isn't a place for me.

For now, i'll include anime in a dedicated section in the blog, consedering how much i talk i might make a new category for it.

Although whilst we're here. Does anyone know of a place that exists IRL like the village shown in [Is the order a rabbit?](https://myanimelist.net/anime/21273/Gochuumon_wa_Usagi_desu_ka). It's a village with a style from the medieval period but has a lot of
moden day things like a supermarket, etc. It's just seems like a nice place to go and visit, especially with the blend between most fantasy/medieval style anime and IRL. Although, the first time seeing some of these styles did make me a bit confused,
if an anime contains both of those styles it's normally not in a place where they blend so nicely together.

## Apparently i thought there was more to talk about.
Advent of code has been, like always, taking up a lot of time so i suppose there isn't much of intrest to talk about. And the stuff i do talk about, i don't talk about to that much detail. I say i don't talk about much, yet this blog is also >6.6k characters
so maybe that's saying something.

Welp, time to push this to github and fix all the spelling issues i've left in this post. I seem to always leave a few no matter how many times i have to do a specific spelling dedicated commit.
