# A post not related to the website?
I have some other stuff to talk about.<br>
Now, where to start?

## Developer doing developer things
Why do something that takes a couple of seconds 100 times when you can spend 20 minutes automating it? <br>
Although the reason this time was because i got annoyed.

How to explain this...

I don't. Because whenever you try to explain it you go and do some research just to confirm some facts, which is when you find a better way of doing stuff.

It's always annoying when that happens.

Basically long story short, i wrote an automatic program to update discord yesterday. Took around 20 minutes mainly due to working out how to do stuff. <br>
If you wish to use this program, you can find it here: [https://gist.github.com/dragmine149/af5c1c996d849ec599a774f76d2fe4f3](https://gist.github.com/dragmine149/af5c1c996d849ec599a774f76d2fe4f3).
Do note though it's designed for use when you're using the `.tar.gz` version of discord alongside [vencord](https://vencord.dev).

If you wish to read the original version of this section well, find it. The file exists somewhere on this server and with the right command in the inspector you can display it on this page. Remember everything is open.

## Some more intresting stuff
I started to learn rust!

December is coming, so is [Advent of code (aoc)](https://adventofcode.com). And this year i plan to do aoc in rust. <br>
Last year (2023), i did aoc in `GDScript`, `Javascript` <br>
And years before that i stayed in python. <br>

Why i did 2023 differently? Well i didn't have a good IDE to work with.

### Lets take a little side journey
Electron is EXPENSIVE. Not in terms of money, in terms of memory. <br>
Why am i talking about electron? Well thats because VSCode runs off electron. <br>

So i decided to stop using vscode, (especially because at the time most of my code was either basic python or focused in godot which has a built in editor)<br>
If i needed to do some python, i have [Kate](https://kate-editor.org/) and [KWrite](https://apps.kde.org/kwrite/) which were set up enough to work. (There is also the web version of vscode but that has a different vibe)<br>
However when it come to aoc 2023, i didn't really have a good environment to work in. Hence the use of javascript and gdscript.

## Back to the main story
I haven't done anything big in rust yet, i'm still reading the [welcome to rust book](https://rust-book.cs.brown.edu/) (only on chapter 4.2/26). But rust seems like a fun and intresting language,
especially one with something unique to it (instead of just different apis).

I believe i understand most of the basics of rust, enough to make any program (even if it might not be very efficient).

If you wish to follow my aoc progress, i'll be updating my git repo here: [https://github.com/dragmine149/DragAOC](https://github.com/dragmine149/DragAOC) pretty much daily.


## Mini website update
And here we are doing a website update whilst not relating the post to the website... welp. <br>
It's nothing big anyway, i just improved the markdown rendering so more things are supported and my favourite one... CODE BLOCKS!
```rust
use std::io;
// Just a simple function, don't forget i'm new to rust. But enjoy the code block!
fn main() {
    let mut user_name = String::new();
    io::stdin()
        .readline(&mut user_name)
        .expect("Failed to read line");
    println!("Hello {user_name}. How are you today?");
}
```

## Sneak peaks
I'm working on a game, at some point i'll announce it although kinda got to fix a lot of issues first. <br>
Tried combining some rewritten systems together today just to find that most of them just well broke. Not going to be fun to fix.

## More stuff
No. The whole discord section was the main story and well that shrunk so no.
Maybe in my next post i'll have something more intresting to talk about.

## Final notes
Sorry about how the website looks currently. I haven't gotten around to styling stuff yet on the blog page. I'll push an update improving the style before the end of this year at some point though.
