# Test
Nice and simple.

## How do i do stuff?
I never really kept a blog before, or any diary of what i'm doing. I've tried to give updates on social media but that never really worked.
Now that i have my own website (self-made), i thought lets try doing this again.

If by chance this blog does not get updated for a while, don't worry. I've probably just forgotten about it.

## Making this website
Well, lets talk about the easiest thing. Making this website.

Designed in pure HTML, Javascript, CSS. As a programmer, using some pre-made block builder would not have been as fun (and i won't be able to take all the credit).
The reason i'm using pure Javascript instead of frameworks like React or JQuery is because i don't understand how they fully work. The code looks complicated to me.
Pure Javascript i understand and can work with. (I've also played [BitBurner](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1812820/Bitburner/) which uses pure javascript although i'm pretty sure you could hack in a framework not that it would be of much help)

PHP is not the worst, it's actually quite nice in some cases but:
- A; I don't want to worry about having a "server" (i'm probably missunderstanding something here so sorry PHP devs)
- B; It's annoying to work with, although this could just be because of the amount of work wordpress has added for me.

I know there are many more different things (languages, frameworks, etc) out there that i could use. But for something that just needs to work and to be built in a short timeline this works just fine.

## Ok, lets talk about today
Not all of today though. This is my first "blog" post so i'm keeping stuff out (especially because i'm writting this at 7pm so stuff that happened eariler isn't really of importance).

Trying to work out how to get the javascript to load the different pages is intresting, and especially how to get the javascript to load the blog page.

The simplest route would be to have a HTML page for every blog post and every page but that isn't as fun as a one-page solution. And besides a one-page solution can improve performance and other things.
(I just want a one-page site).
As it's a one-page site. Loading other page into the main page is easy and simple. Changing the URL along side that is also simple. The hard part comes later. Working out how to do the reverse and load the main page from a sub-page.
By the time you read this, i would have probably sorted that out. So enjoy.
