# I did say i would make an end of year post...
So here it is, although a bit later than i wanted to but whatever.

## And yet i still make it later
Time to write this in 50 minutes...

Spell check can be done another time, that's less important.

## Wait wait wait...
Before that, sorry.

I made a christmas day post and published it, but didn't actually include it in the list. My bad.
So, well read this post first and then go back? or something.

## First off, Happy New Year
At the end of every year, it always feels like the time since the end of the previous year was only a couple of days ago.
Yet during the year, it fells like a normal year.

As i said, i'm writing this just before near year for me, yet i'll still talk on both days.

## Lets start with christmas
Christmas was a normal christmas, well with family coming over and food that we don't eat everyday, but other than that each day was just as normal as the previous.

Did i get anything special? Nothing worth of note. Although then the thing i yearn for is well something that you can not put a price on. Well, actually you can put a price on it... but then it doesn't fell like it should be what it should be.
Will i explain, on a later date.

Well actually, i did join [MAL](https://myanimelist.net) [Secret Santa](https://myanimelist.net/forum/?topicid=2189767) for this year, and so far my secret santa anime has been quite enjoyable. (Although it has made me fell bad for the anime i gave someone...)
I'll explain MAL Secret Santa next week (6th -> 7th January) when secret santa is over.

## Right christmas over, time for new year.
2025.. And once again going to have to get use to writing `25` instead of `24`, well it's not that hard to get use to, considering that i don't need to write the current date down as much.

Will i be making any kind of resolutions? Well, no. I don't have any. And if i did set one, i'll probably not be able to follow it through. Not whilst my mental state is still wavering at least.

## Website updates
Woa, how is this section getting in here?
Oh well, now it's here a quick update...

**THERE IS NO UPDATE**

hu, interesting...

But that aside, it is the truth, yet i thought i'll share some of my planned features:
- A page to view my projects -> I just need to work out how i'm going to actually display each of my projects uniquely
- Updated navigation system (again) -> To work better on touch screens + to be well, actually visible incase you forget/can't find the navigation.
- More settings
- Cookies -> Like blog read percent, saving of settings, etc
- Branch previews -> See what i'm working on and beta-test stuff in advance.
- Improve post list -> Adding sorting by categories, groups, and just making it flow better without me having to modify json files all the time.

Like always, these features will take a while to implement but will be implemented and should improve the overall QOL on the website.

## Okay, lets talk about some of my projects
This is a section that i've got to be careful what i say, i want a record of me saying something so that i actually have more motivation to do it and complete it, yet if i say too much i'm going to loose all that motivation and not complete it.

In a way, you could count this as a new year revolution yet i don't see it as one. Because well i already started them. Hence it can't be a "New Year" thing

So, lets begin:

### Advent of code
Who would have thought AOC is back? Well not only do i want to complete AOC 2025 like i did with AOC 2024, i would also like to complete all previous years and get 500 stars before AOC 2025. Just for the sense of completion.

I've already started working my way through 2015, (which is proving to be a bit of a pain considering what i'm used to), but eventually i do want all 100 stars. So far my plans are as follows:
- Complete 2015 in rust
- Complete 2023 in either [BitBurner](https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src) (JS) or [Godot](https://godotengine.org/) (gdscript)
- Complete 2019 in Binary/Assembly ([Turing Complete](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1444480/Turing_Complete/))
- Complete 2022, 2021 in something
- Complete 2020, 2018, 2017, 2016 in something and in whatever order

### A story
Well, revision.

TLDR, i've got a test coming up at the end of february, i'll explain more after the test is over.

I'm not one that does much revision per say, i just did the work asked in class, did the homework and got decent enough score to pass. There wasn't any particular strive for me to be the best, so i didn't.
And besides, what school teaches isn't really useful half the time.

But due to this, i don't really like revising, so instead of revising i'm just going to write a story and hope by writing it, it's enough for me to pass.

Once the test is over, and i'm happy with the story. I'll release it for free as a sub section of this website.

### A game
Hehe, i want to release a game.

I've been slowly working on this game for a while, i originally wanted to release it a couple months ago before i ran into a thousand odd bugs in a play testing session. So at some point this year i'll release it hopefully.

If i say too much, i will end up never releasing it...

## Hu, i thought there would be more...
Yeah, kinda thought this blog post would have been longer than it is. But oh well...

I want to talk about more, and sometimes when thinking about what to put the night before i think of tons of stuff to talk about, yet upon actually making the blog i can't think of anything...
Although in a way, an 80-line length file is my normal blog post size. So adding more would just be pushing it a bit too much.

## Well, Happy new year.
And enjoy the beginning of 2025.

I don't have much else to say, i'm just going to let you enjoy your year now...

Categories: [Website Other NewYear]
