# Merry christmas!
Enjoy this special christmas day blog written early christmas morning, and by early christmas morning i mean midnight.

Your christmas gift from me, one special segment about how i do stuff. (I wanted to do two but one is enough and besides i need to sleep at some point)

## Special: How i do stuff on the website
What do i mean by this, well... How i run the website, how i make blog posts, how i add features, etc. I'm going to explain that here.

Of course, everything is open you can access the source code and see how this blog is built. Sometimes there are even comments to help (when i remember to) but you'll probably won't get an in-depth post like this one for a while.

### Hosting
Lets get this out of the way as it's so simple. Github. Which is really obvious in the url `github.io`. I might one day get my own domain to host the website on but for now we're sticking with `dragmine149.github.io`.

And well, github is all i use. No cloudflare, No security layers, just hosted directly from github. This is my site where i can post whatever i want. I don't intend on having user accounts or storing user information on the back-end.
Even though storing user information on the server might allow for some more features. It's just not worth it compared to the overall usage of those said features.

Github is nice and easy to just set up, but then any service is. I suppose the main reason of github is because i'm just use to how github works so no need to learn anything complicated.

### So far, this is a blog-based website. So why not use a website builder?
Because website builders are too limiting... Personally, i think we shouldn't have to pay to get access to features to make a website run, but then again it is an awesome market for those who don't know how to make a website.

I've used wordpress before, so most of my experience comes from that. I current work on a site that uses wordpress so i'm at least used to the basics.
Wordpress is annoying, undocumented, takes forever to find what you want to do, and even the ui can be hard to navigate around sometimes. I know the entire wordpress community might hate me for stating this but it is what i believe.

But in general website builders are still limiting, if i want a feature i'm most likely going to have to pay a decent amount per year and make said feature myself. Yes website builders already have a lot of built in features and said features can be really useful
but i believe overall i would only end up using a small amount of them and spending a lot just so i can have my own custom stuff. At that point might as well make a website from scratch.

Depending on how well your knowledge of websites is, and how much you are willing to learn building a website without using a website builder is normally a better option.

#### But you're still just built a blog, a website builder would have been much quicker.
Still no. Besides this website isn't done yet, there are a couple more features i still wish to add which will be revealed in the upcoming months.

I wanted to make a blog first as a place where i can actually talk. (more on that later), and a blog is one of the easiest things to make. On top of that, doing the easy thing first means i can make some other systems and get use to them to help improve other
aspects of the site.

Here is a list of features which i have which i believe i wouldn't have been able to implement elsewhere:
- Snowy background. -> I could have, but i think there would have been some struggles somewhere
- One page system -> Website builders generate a whole bunch of extra html tags and stuff to render elements, this would have not been fun to make. Website builders just aren't designed for that.
- Custom blog formats -> I write blogs in markdown (more on this later), and i don't believe anywhere would let me use markdown easily.

Of course, i could be wrong about these, they might all be possible even so i still find website builders limiting in one way or anything that the freedom of creating my own from scratch doesn't give.
It does mean i have to do more work, but in the end i think it's worth it

### Please hold
A short break whilst i go and do something, please leave your message after the tone...           *beeeep*

### Ok, welcome back, time to talk about some of the systems.
But no seriously, i did have to go do something. To you, you just scrolled but it's been like 20 minutes for me.

Well, lets start

#### Single page system
Why did i do one, well most websites require you to reload all the contents and sometimes you're just staring at a blank white screen waiting for the basics of the page to load, especially when on the move.

Although part of the reason was that i just wanted to, it makes navigating the page fell so much smoother when it works as intended

#### Hidden navigation
As i mentioned in a previous blog, i made the navigation bar after the main page hence i got used to the main page look and wanted to keep it minimalistic.

The hidden navigation is actually a snackbar element provided by [beercss](https://www.beercss.com/), and a lot of custom javascript so it behaves how i want it to.

#### Snow
I wanted something else in the background other than the day night cycle, so enjoy the snow thanks to [particles.js](https://vincentgarreau.com/particles.js/). I'm going to keep something there (not snow) in the none winter season so look out for that

Originally, the particles were meant to show off my projects but i think i'll do them elsewhere. Also thanks to [timelessnesses](https://timelessnesses.me/) for their website which inspired me to do the particle background

#### Day night cycle
It's not a perfect one but its a good one, the first feature i made as well.

Having a standard white background would have been a bit too boring for me, same goes for any solid colour. Hence a dynamically changing day night cycle. I wanted something a bit more smooth which i'm going to have to work on in the future.

Having a unique background like this also helps me plan out elements. If i do it on a blank canvas there's going to be something where i just can't plan it out that the chaotic colour of a gradient helps with

#### Markdown blog + wide blog
Wide blog first, obvious. USE THE SPACE. Like seriously, this is one thing i don't like about most websites they don't use the space that they are given.
Ik a lot of people browse the web on mobile. but that still doesn't effect us desktop users, especially when some websites have different styles for mobile anyway.

What i'm complaining about is how websites use the middle third and the middle third only, that's 2/3rds of realestate unused. Even just using the middle 50% and leaving the outer 25% would be better.

Some things make sense for being in the middle, other things don't. And most commonly it's those other things that don't make sense.
But well, you can't just use the whole space because otherwise it's going to look bad at the edges, hence why my blog is a
```css
blog {
  /* (90% of WINDOW width and 150 pixels less of WINDOW height) */
  /* code has been stripped down */
  height: calc(100vh - 150px);
  width: 90%;
}
```
For me, this takes up the perfect amount of space where the space is used whilst still looking good.

(This is also another feature where website builders would limit a bit)


Now as for the markdown blog format, well simple. I do less work hehe.

As a coder, i already use markdown for documentation, `README.md`, etc so the format of markdown i'm quite use to. Markdown is easy to write and then i let the website, or well your browser do all the work
I just have to sit here and write out a big file, place in some *special* characters every now and again.

The alternative to using markdown would be a plain txt file, but markdown gives more features. Or writing out every line one by one with all the code tags, yeah no thanks. That would take me forever as i attempt not to make the blog look bad due to the placement
of the code tags.

To display the blog, i use [MarkedJS](https://marked.js.org/) which also allows for more features and automations (like displaying the code blocks). Many things that are done much easier and quicker than if i was to do it myself.

#### Spelling
Why is this a category? Because half my commits are spelling based...

I use [Zed](https://zed.dev) as my code editor, and well my anything editor. Need to edit a txt file, zed. Need to write a story, zed. Most of my text based work is done in Zed.

But Zed is a code editor, and due to this there is no spelling and grammar checking, nor is their any extensions. Even for files like a `.txt` or `.md`. I'm not complaining, tbh i think it's better without a spell checker built in.
Although that does mean, that i do have a github action for spell checking. It's not the best and i probably should learn and use a pre-commit hook instead, but if it works it works. So it's sticking around for now.

#### I'm running out of stuff here
Theres only so much you can talk about, so lets move on.

### How i write the blogs
Simple, i think of something and start writing about it until i can't think of anything else to write about it. And then i move on and repeat, until i believe the blog is done which is when i commit and publish said blog.

I don't really care if what i say is controversial or it's something that could get me into trouble. I don't even really go back and check what i wrote even when doing the spelling rounds.
The reason, because otherwise i wouldn't be able to write anything. I have to start and go and not edit it unless i absolutely have to. If i keep going back and editing it i'm going to end up never getting around to finishing it because i will never like what i just
wrote down.

Also i want to express my own fee lings which is already hard enough to do in text, so the more i write without caring about what i write the better.

### Why i write blogs
To talk, this is my current and only way of communicating... efficiently.

TLDR, over this past year (i believe, feelings are hard) that i've been slightly depressed. (slightly, more like majorly. If it wasn't for anime then well yeah you kinda get the picture here and if you don't, don't worry please.)
Due to this and some other reasons i can't really just talk. If i want something i have to hide it or at least make it a puzzle to get to the answer. But with text it's different, i just write and send it off and worry about the issues later.
Sometimes i still hide the true purpose, i tend not to hide it too well let i fail sometimes.

So yeah, i'm going to continue writing blogs in my style for hopefully a long time. But at least for now to keep partially sane (and so i have more than one place of backup).

### Thats all, i think at least.
So yeah, hopefully you enjoyed this special. I'm not going to explain this much about how i do stuff for a while now, probably not until i make a big change and like a website v2.0 or smth.

## Anyway, i forgot to mention this earlier. But... MERRY CHRISTMAS
is what i would like to say, kinda. It's confusing.

But first, to move or to not move this section? I'm thinking to not move, i'll then have to rewrite this section and it's less fun for you, the reader.

As per the `Why i write blogs` section, i have been depressed which has made christmas less merry than it should be. Don't worry i haven't turned into Scrooge, i don't make christmas less merry for others i just make it less merry for me.
Outside of Advent of code, december has just been a bog standard month with every day being the same as the last, nothing special like christmas music or christmas games (as stated in an earlier blog this month).

But still if you celebrate christmas, i hope you are enjoying yourself and please do, someone has to enjoy christmas. Your situation is different to mine, so at least enjoy it better than i do.

## Alright, out of time and ideas.
It's currently 1:30 AM on december 25th 2024. I need to go sleep soon otherwise i'm not going to wake up early enough for our guests tomorrow. (well today). I'm also running out of things to put in this blog without going into some other category that is way out of
wack for this blog.

I'll leave spelling to a future date and time, i just want some time off from having to worry about this stuff. Although knowing me, i don't think i'll get as much time off as i would have hoped. (My brain just wants me to work sometimes instead of rest)

One thing for sure, i'll guarantee another blog before the end of the year, so look out for that.

But for now, go and enjoy your christmas.

Wait, is anyone actually reading this?
Well if you are, no matter your timezone, your time, date or if you're in the future (unless history is really broken and you're seeing this in the past...) Enjoy christmas at least.

## Update: 2024-12-26 (11:42)
Spelling errors have been fixed. A total of 38 errors fixed.
