# Welcome to december.
December is a special month.

## It's Snowing!
Is what i want to say, yet it's not snowing at all. There was a bit of snow late november but since then, there has been no snow. <br>
However, just because there isn't snow irl doesn't mean we can't have digital snow!

As you may have noticed upon visiting this site, the background now has snow. Thanks to [Particle.js](https://github.com/VincentGarreau/particles.js/). We have snow. <br>
Currently the snow is the only background particle, however i plan to add more particles in as the year goes around.

Although, it's snow and snow is white so you might have a better time seeing the snow during the night periods (6pm -> 6am). <br>
If for some reason you wish to disable the snow at anytime, just open up the browser console (eight click -> inspect element -> console) and run the command `disable_particles()`. Run the command `load_particles()` to re-enable the snow.

The particle system i plan to improve, and hopefully we will have more stuff as the year goes around. But for now i'm lazy and kinda just want to go back to playing.

## Advent Calendar aka AdventOfCode (aoc)
aoc so far this year has been intresting. We're meant to help find someone and yet everywhere we visited we helped someone other than our own group.<br>
Still got 20 days left to go, i'm sure we'll find them in no time.

My progress is visible on [github](https://github.com/dragmine149/DragAOC) and i have been writing a blog-post style file. I just haven't gotten around to figuring out how to display said file on the website. <br>
One thing which i'm sure many aoc competitors try and do, is work out what the image is going to be so spoilers-kinda ahead. <br>

Looks to be, some sort of stained glass window. The right window containing a christmas tree and some kind of leaf? currently whilst the left window contains a pond and part of a bush or something. <br>
Have no clue whats going to come down the middle though.

There have been some funny days along our way so far, for example:
- Day 4's `X-MAS`
- Day 3's regex

Although still a long way to go.

## I tried* to go shopping
Ha.

It's nearly christmas, so i thought i would see if there was any place in town (aka city center) to see if there was anything good to buy as a present. There was not. <br>
All the time in fantasy worlds and maybe some other places, you see people go shopping down a very busy street which is like full of christmas stuff. Apparently thats not really a thing here. <br>
For privacy reasons, i won't say where "here" is. But most of the shops in town were either: Clothes, Shoes, Beauty (jewelry, Nails, Hair), Food.<br>
None of which is what i want. CLothes and shoes don't make a good gift and no one in my family is kinda that into beauty. Annoying. So back to online shopping to find christmas presents.

## Any good christmas themed music / games?
I've basically been listening to one song on repeat this whole time... <br>

This is said song: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAoHHbKd0VI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAoHHbKd0VI).<br>
<sub><sup>Yes, i play osu! [My Profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30188289)</sup></sub>

### Games
The one game i liked to play at christmas was: [https://www.roblox.com/games/2463428335/The-North-Pole](https://www.roblox.com/games/2463428335/The-North-Pole). A very well made christmas themed game about helping santa, or well being santa. <br>
Kinda like Advent of code in a way... <br>
But this game hasn't been updated since christmas in 2022, And it gets a bit boring after a while, especially when you have pretty much maxed everything out.

I also don't want to play a skin-clone. Aka a christmas themed sudoku, etc... Which does make finding new christmas themed games a bit harder.

### Music
As for the music, thats hard as well. Youtube is recommending me `Jazz` or `Cozy` themed songs which well makes sense. I do listen to that kind during the year when i just want some background music.<br>
But this is christmas... Got to have some songs as upbeat as the song i linked earlier. <br>

What about if i did a search? Well, i either get the same results as what i'm being recommended or the traditional themed songs, songs from like years ago which by now everyone kinda knows off by heat. <br>
That style of song is okay for like one loop, but isn't what i want. Even christmas themed background music would be better.

### Help
If you do have something to recommend, fell free to ping me on mastodon. You can access that page now (more on that in a mo).
For now i'll listening to this same song for the 1000th time and yeah...


## Mini website update
You thought the snow and particle system was all? Well think again.

Some basic theming happened and some QOL features. Still got a long way to go.

### Navbar
The navbar has had not much changes, behind the scenes i've tried to get the one page system to work better which still needs quite a lot of work on. But it's getting there. <br>
The main part with the navbar is that it disappears now. The navbar only appears if you hover within the top middle of the page. <br>
Due to the site taking so far a month to create, i've kinda gotten use to the no navbar look. <br>

There was no real navigation system for the first week, as there was only one page. <br>
The second week when the blog got introduced, it still wasn't really a navigation feature just a button. <br>
It was only real until the [25th November](https://github.com/dragmine149/dragmine149.github.io/commit/29519f84c30ee3b378b59888ad9d6d869ce746a0) that we got a navbar.

Hence why i kinda like the no-navbar site. Considering how some of the pages are themed, adding in a permanent navbar just doesn't fell like it would fit in anymore. <br>
And well, you don't need to jump on the train all the time...

### Socials
The navbar now has a new section, for my social media.

I mainly added this tab because i wanted to link my mastodon account. Now that i'm writing this, i'm also linking my discord (if possible), just in a slightly different way...

But yeah, fell free to check them out. Not like there's much there anyway,

### Blog fixes.
The blog got fixed a bit. Due to using `beercss` as the main theme for the site, some elements of the blog were broken. So they got fixed and you should be able to read this in all it's glory now.

## Back to playing for now.
The website will get some more updates thought december. And hopefully some other intresting things will happen for me to talk about.
