# The website is growing
A second post

## Hi
I didn't intend on doing one today. I kinda wanted to release this feature first but when you need more test data might as well make another post.

## Website
Website progress is slow and annoying. Slow because its something new and annoying because i'm trying to do complicated features in a language i'm not familiar with.<br>
As this website code is public (makes it easier for me to host it) the main part of fun i had this week is to do with [page_loader.js](../../page_loader.js). Trying to make a one page system is intresting to say the least.<br>
The easy part of a one page system is when the user is loading the page and the sub pages. But as soon as the user reloads the page issues occur.
The solution i have currently isn't even one i fully like. (current solution is to redirect to main page)

One of the other goals was to make this website work even without javascript active. Yet this blog post area is not possible to do that.

### Why no javascript?
Websites use a TON of javascript sometimes. Some websites only require 1 or 2 external javascript sources and some require like 10+.<br>
Not all of this external javascript is required for a page to function. Common examples are stuff like `googletagmanager.com` and `cloudflareinsigts.com`. I assume these are tools used for tracking and analytics.<br>
Disabling javascript also helps block ads[^1] (because most ads are done using external sites) and "bypassing" cookies. To allow me to accomplish this, i use an extension called [noscript](https://noscript.net/).<br>
As a side effect however, many websites will fail to load due to javascript being disabled by default.

[^1]: Although noscript blocks most of the javascript, some of the javascript is needed for pages to actually function. This is the only time when ads can get though. To prevent these ads i also have [UBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock).

## If a blog is written over multiple days what day does it count as?
I Started this blog late friday (23/11/2024) night and i'm writting this section at least the next day (24/11/2024). So what do i date this blog as?<br>
Even though it went over two days, i think i'll still date this as the fridays. Makes more sense to me.

## Code is looking like a mess
Code is a form of art, a form of graphics design in a way and well making code look neat is something not easy to show.

This time in the [blog.js file](). The function `load_blog` just looks like a mess to me even though its easy to understand whats going on and works exactly how i want it to work.<br>
Due to this looking like a mess, i do tend to rewrite the whole function sometimes. I've done this before with a different website.
The main page i've been tasked with i'm currently on the third iteration of rewriting a big portion of it. (Some of the page doesn't get touched though).<br>
However with the game i've been working on, i've only rewriting the code if there is some underlying big issue.

This website code however, once it's done i probably won't touch it as much because well i shouldn't need to touch it as much,<br>
Part of the reason i've used markdown files is so i didn't have to worry about the formatting, i could just leave that to the javascript to do automatically for me.
But this has also helped with writting blog posts due to not having to write tons of html and worry about formatting all the time.
