# My weeks recently have been less interesting and more playing/watching.
And by that, i mean there isn't much to talk about. So lets speedrun this blog starting with...

## ETOH (Eternal Tower of Hell)
[Game link](https://www.roblox.com/games/8562822414/Eternal-Towers-of-Hell)

I want to give a summary, since i've never talked about this on my blog before. However, i don't want to keep ending up repeating my self. So, time to take from the [wiki](https://jtoh.fandom.com/wiki/Juke%27s_Towers_of_Hell_Wiki) (because why not)
> Eternal Towers of Hell (formerly Juke's Towers of Hell) is a Roblox obby game currently owned by aetrnalis and Gammattor. In it, you climb obbies (known as towers in this game) that range
> in difficulty from laughably easy to insanely hard in order to progress through the games many worlds.

Personally, i enjoy the game quite a bit, enough to end up sinking hours of time into it... Enough to stream it a few times on youtube, And enough to somehow beat 102 towers..

My most recent achievement was beating [CoHaD (Citadel of Heights and Depths)](https://jtoh.fandom.com/wiki/Citadel_of_Heights_and_Depths), my hardest tower yet. A 6.13 (Low intense) difficulty tower. Consisting of 17 floors and taking me 4 and a half **hours**
to complete. (Well, technically closer to 6 hours but my progress got randomly reset half way through hence i had to do the first hour and a half again).

As i've been playing ETOH a bit more recently again, i'll start talking about it more. Although i don't think i'll have any big tower completions for a while. (CoHaD was quite hard). However

## ETOH project -> Tower tracker*
The Tower tracker is an external website, allowing users to track their tower completions. A really useful feature before the devs implemented one in-game (which contains much more details). So the question is, why am i making one?
For two reasons:
- The [current one](https://jtoh.info/) hasn't been updated <t:1711214936:R> (Last update on <t:1711214936:D>). It also breaks sometimes due to something on the back end, making it annoying to update.
- It's useful to view **without opening roblox**. Loading a webpage, that doesn't take a lot compared to trying to load a whole game. Which when playing roblox makes my computer annoyed sometimes, its useful.

I've already spent a while on it, it took me a whole week to work out how to "bypass" the [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CORS/Errors/CORSMissingAllowOrigin) header failing all the time, eventually i got cloudflare setup to deal
with that. Now it's just storing the data locally to avoid excess requests to the server. Which i was planning on doing with `indexedDB`, and making my own wrapper for it. Until i found [Dexie](https://dexie.org/) which i plan to try and use instead.

Once this project is down, you should be able to access it at `https://dragmine149.github.io/ETOH`. Do note, that the subpage will have a completely different style and feel to the main site, it's basically another site on its own.

The reason for the `*` in this section header, is although the main goal of this project is a **tower** tracker, i do want to be able to track **any** badge in ETOH, include ones which aren't necessary towers. So, it's more of a badge tracker.
The code is also setup for usage in any game (after a bit of modification).

## Well, there goes most of what happened this past week...
Hence most of what i wanted to talk about.

The other things i've done, is played a ton of factorio (like 16 odd hours). And completed towers. Sometimes playing other games here and there. Fixing some bugs (which aren't important enough to talk about) and watching anime (when i have the chance).

My browser currently has like 10 tabs of MAL tabs open (anime episodes that have aired but i haven't watched yet), and a bunch more random tabs. It'll be a moment or two before i get to something more interesting to write about.

## There isn't much i can talk about anime either.
I use MAL to write my thoughts on all the anime (what is it called technically. "Anime", "Series" and "Seasons" fell wrong). Either way, i use the "notes" section after an anime ends (i'm just going to call it anime even if it's not the true word). Hence
anything i would write here, i've already written about. The tags are used for separating the ones i watched dub vs sub, and for the aired/season of airing.

I don't really want to talk about anime which is currently airing either, it just fells wrong doing so and is kinda of hard to explain.

### Correction there is.
[Makeine Season 2](https://myanimelist.net/anime/61398/Make_Heroine_ga_Oosugiru_2nd_Season) got added to MAL a couple hours ago (at time of writing), which i'm looking forward to (really enjoyed the first season so hopefully second is just as good).

There is an anime this season i want to watch, [The Shiunji Family Children](https://myanimelist.net/anime/58131/Shiunji-ke_no_Kodomotachi). However there is one slight problem. It's airing on cruncyroll and is being dubbed. Normally, if an airing season is
being dubbed, i watched the dub. However, for the past couple of months i've been listening to the [trailler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuw6sVgSNhc), and kinda want to watch it sub now.

This remindes me back to last summer (Summer24), [Makeine](https://myanimelist.net/anime/57524) was airing as both dub and sub, which (i believe iirc) i was planning to watch dub however ended up watching sub and enjoying it. The problem here comes with the fact
that **cruncyroll** is airing it.

### The issue with cruncyroll airing?
The dub is most likely going to be behind. It's unknown until the date of the sub release whether it's going to be a same day dub, or a 2 week gap (or on rare cases, an even bigger gap). Dubbed anime is still dubbed anime, which i want to thank all the VAs for
doing. However, what i complain about is how cruncyroll goes about releasing said dubs. I get that sometimes VAs might not be able to make a session, hence delaying the dubs. However a 2 week gap is something else.

For those who are saying to watch sub so i don't need to worry about the gap, i'm not going to. Some anime (personally), i find better watching the dub than the sub. I'll just deal with the delay of 2 weeks.

However what i will complain about, is the **extra** delays. Cruncyroll is perfectally capable of not having a 2 week gap. This is shown in some cases where an anime would miss airing an episode (for some reason), and yet cruncyroll will still release the dub
for whatever episode it would be that week, then skip the next. This is annoying, but is dealable with.

The **REALLY ANNOYING** thing is when, for no apparent reason. At the end of the season, the dub is also delayed another week or two, pretty much making it a whole month after the season originally ended before i can finish it. I know there are less english VAs
than Japanese VAs, and some anime have to share. But even with the extra recording seasons for season swapover there still should be enough man power and time to finish recording the previous seasons episodes right? Not all anime comes out on the same day...

### How does this factor into `The Shiunji Family Children`?
IF it's a same-day dub, i might check the dub out and then choose between the dub and sub. However, if it's a 2 week delay, i might just stick with the sub. As for the option of watching both at the same time (well, same day). I don't really want to watch
something twice in such a short time period, especially something i want to kind of get deep into. If it was a different season then i would watch the dub, but same season is a bit too much repetition (even being 2 weeks apart).

## So, whats next?
A short blog? Potentially.

## Wait, something i can talk about...
I wrote another rust program.

As a quick backstory, one of my projects i work on takes forever to build the artifact (for some unknown reason), hence i have a discord webhook set up so i can monitor when the job is done. It's saves having to reload github all the time.
I was using https://github.com/tsickert/discord-webhook, to send the messages. However i couldn't get multiline support working as well consedering the messages were generated via git commits. Hence i wrote a rust program to send them for me. And now, another
repo has a rust program in it to do some kind of utility stuff.

### Why rust?
I'm not repeating myself, go and check out this post if you want that information: http://dragmine149.github.io/Blog?blog=2025-01-11

## When are website updates?
At some point... In order to update the website i kinda need to sit down and mess around which can be a bit annoying (remembering what i changed). Hence it's going to be a while before the website gets a major update again.

## I continued worked on my story this week.
Managed to complete 76 odd lines, which is not a lot, but its progress. I have 3 youtube tabs with BGM audio ready for when i do sit down and focus. Which is the hard part, just sitting down and focusing on doing it. Completing this second chapter is going to take
a while, unlike writing my blog where i can knock out a hundred lines or so per week, my story requires thinking about how the characters interact with each other, knowing when to insert other characters. Although i write in the same fashion (not checking my
work either not at all or **after** completion), i don't get the same enjoyment out of it as much as a blog, hence it's a bit harder to write.

## Enjoyment is the same with games.
Personally, i find games more fun when they are played for "fun" and not playing in some kind of competitive state.

For example, i could play [OSU!](https://osu.ppy.sh/) all day long (as long as my computer allows me to) and still have fun (i play it for like 1/2h every day after lunch). However, games like [Mahjong Soul](https://mahjongsoul.game.yo-star.com/) i fail to play
partly because, it fells like a grind sometimes just to get a win. I don't mind loosing, but what i don't want is to have to fell like i have to really try and grind it to get just to get a win, which is what happens to me in most competitive games hence i
find them less fun.

## End of blog
And somehow, i managed to take up 100 lines like normal. Yay.

Now, time to get back to ETOH work and watch anime (to clean up my browser tabs).

Categories: [Anime Games/Roblox/ETOH Games]
