# I'm back from holiday!
And it's been a nice holiday. Perfect amount of recharge.

## So, lets go straight into holiday talk.

Which there is not really a lot to talk about. We went 2 hours east stayed for a week did some things and left. Well, there is actually a couple of things to talk about, but half of them would be better with pictures / videos which i'm not that
willing to share... yet. (maybe in a couple of years).

A couple of things i can say though:
- The internet was meh, stable no, worked yes. I didn't really use the internet as much as i do when at home.
- Sleeping was weird.
  Normally i am next to a wall, with a radiator on that wall. Here i was not, so it felt like i was going to keep failing out of bed. (also kinda messed up my sense of balance)
- Relaxing, eh. Fun, eh.
  I ended up doing some AOC 2019 (yet to release the post probably will release that after finishing d3). Which was annoying to complete. But we also did other things like go out and something. which was fun in itself and relaxing enough.


The one thing i kinda enjoyed the most though, was just being able to take a step back from social media for a short while. (partially because my computer also liked it). During that week, i only checked MAL, Mastodon, Youtube. And semi less often
than normal.

## Electron is EXPENSIVE.
Performance wise. Although this could just be an issue of my setup. Whilst at home, i end up having to charge my computer like 3 to 4 times per day. (and my computer charge is limited at 79%), yet on holiday i just charged it once from my new battery
pack and could survive the rest of the day just fine. Even if we spent a whole day at the place doing nothing but using tech.

The only real difference was that i didn't have discord (vencord) open. And with some similar tests in the past, electron really likes to eat up my battery (thanks vscode). SO the goal now, is a new discord client that doesn't rely on electron. which
well, is the web...

I tried clients and well:
- Dorion
  Would work, but causes graphical errors too often forcing plasma desktop to restart
- abaddon
  Missing a couple of features (like stickers and embeds), not very intuitive
- Discordo
  Can't login
Other clients are electron based, or are a bit too dumb for my needs.

So for now, i'm using the web version alongside `shelter`. At some point i do want to have a go at making my own client, but that'll have to wait until i get a lot of free time. The web will work for now.

## Pi backups
The pi backups were broken for like 15 days. Partially due to the command not being able to be run for some reason, turns out the reason was `\ `. The issue? A space after `\` basically forcing the command to have an escaped space and breaking
This took a while to fix, and probably became an issue due to the fact i shoved it into my ide and the autoformatter took over.

## I don't actually have too much to say...
I've just come back from holiday and today is just a catch up really. Checking github issues, fixing the pi and some rust programs. Trying to find a discord client which works (and doesn't drain my battery)

So for now, i'll just try and fix jellyfin and end this blog. Go watch some anime and hopefully have some more interesting stories next week.

Categoires: [Electron, Discord]
