# A saturday blog because i completely forgot yesterday
Although there isn't much to talk about, so a short blog.

## First off, website update.
You can now change the "Blog" title text size via a new setting. Hence being able to view more blog on one page at once. This is a change which is kind of hard to explaian even though its so simple.

The reason behind this change was mobile. Although my website does not fully support mobile yet, you can still somewhat use it. And after loading a blog, i noticed how much space the title was taking up and just loosing out of that very important realestate.
Hence why the text reduction. I doubt many people would use this but it's still there regardless.

Currently its a number, between 4 and 7.5 (which it doesn't like displaying the decimals sometimes). This number corospondes to the css property `fontSize`, setting it as a `rem` size value. I'll probably change this out for a more user friendly number approach
at some point as i kinda just shoved this in. `4` is the lower end as anything smaller is too small to read, and `7.5rem` is the default value, hence why i'm keeping that as the upper bound.

Another website update i plan to add in at some point, is another change to do with the images. Once again because of mobile. Viewing blog images (especially big ones) can be a bit hard due to the amount of scrolling. Hence the update i want to do is making
the image either scroll or forceable shrink so that it can fit in the whole page width without the need to scroll the page.

## Alright enough website updates. Time to talk about computers.
But not in the way you might think.

The reason for this short blog, is because i've spent most of my time this past week working with a minecraft mod, [CC:Tweaked](https://tweaked.cc/). Working with the turtles and the computers to make some systems in a modpack i'm currently working though
with a couple of friends. The first project i was given was to do a farm, which has been scraped because that would take too long and it's easier to automate with other mods.

I did start working on the turtle code, and it reminded me that i've already done something similar (not like i could copy and paste the code over though). Theres a steam game,
[The farmer was replaced](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2060160/The_Farmer_Was_Replaced/) which i haven't really played since they updated and broke pretty much all the code. But its a similar thing to what i was attempting to do.

The current project is making a boombox, aka a "global" music player. By global, its allowing the music to be heard all over the island which one speaker can't cope with. Along with a UI to easy control it like any music player would do.
This project has been going smoother than the turtle farm one, probably because i have some experience now. So far both the welcome screen and file manager have been made, just got to make the queue, playing and settings screens. Then got to make the music
function work how i want it to work by playing songs everywhere at the same time. Hopefully completing this before the end of the month.

The UI library i'm using is [Basalt2](https://basalt.madefor.cc/) which is still in development so the documentation isn't the best, just trying to work out how to do some stuff is a mixture of reading the code, their `install.lua` script and trial and error.
Thankfully though, it isn't as bad as something like `wordpress` is for things.

## And thats pretty much everything of note.
I'm writing this whilst on a rining outing, which i'll probably not talk much about. (even in next weeks blog). And now i plan to work on the EToH Tower tracker project to get the features in parody with the original base website and add some more features of my own.

Hopefully with a lot of time today, i should be able to get the feature set in near parody at least. Hopefully (once again) by the end of the month. (It might be a bit later though).
