# Slowly recovering as we head into july.

The whole story behind this is too long. Not something to share this month.

## Anyway, monthly recap time... or
I would do a recap, but thats a bit too much effort trying to explain everything once again. It's also been hot, which means i've been less productive. SO there isn't much to talk about. Hence we are skipping this.

## I'm going on holiday soon. And hopefully taking an actual holiday.
The holiday is well... next week though so still some time before then. I'll post again this friday but i don't know when i'll post after that. Depending on how much i've recharged.

In previous holidays, i've always ended up with a tendency to treat the holiday just like any other normal day... But a couple of hours away from home. But this time i want to do things that i would find impossible to do otherwise. A major one being actually take
time off... Taking time off means not doing any work related things and just doing some art, or story progress. Things that i wouldn't normally do. It also means disconnecting from the internet, well i'll still be connected but i'll just try to check stuff less

A good portion of my time everyday is spent between:
- Discord
- Youtube/Anime
- Games
- Mastodon (although less due to being on a quite instance)

Instead of something else like video editing, and developing. As nice as it is to be online, it's meant to be a holiday. Discord especially.

To add some context, i am a moderator for a discord server of 2k+ members (although only like 15 are actually active). Still for pretty much everyday the past 6 years of being a mod. I've been online. Maybe not checking discord all the time (sometimes i even mute
the server). But i am on most of the time. I know, theres the meme of the 24/7 discord mod and yeah that could apply to me. (Don't worry, i still get enough sleep and do something other than being indoors everyday)

Point being, stuff like that which i've been doing the past 6 years... I kinda just want a small break from, which is going to be hard. Even now as i'm writing this, i'm occasionally doing `alt+tab` to quick switch into discord just for the chance of their to
maybe be a message.


After holiday, depending on how i fell i might share some of it. I have too much personal stuff planned at the moment which i need to cut down on anyway... (hehe)

Also future me, here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avTs-YFABA4

## I already have my planned projects for august ready...
During june, i've have rarley touched the codebases for my website. I've touched them a couple of times in order to fix a bug but nothing more than that. And yet it's kinda been real eye-opening. Just taking a step back, and using the things you make without
attempting to develop on them at all.

Now, i have a list of a couple of things i would want to do with my website to make it even more better. For example:
- Convert to typescript
- Smaller files (quicker download)
- Better settings page
- Better url?
Although the list above was already on the plan. Just taking this step back has made me want to do them even more now


This trick only works if you seriously take a step back and do no work. And it works even better if it's been a couple of days since you last touched it. It's also how i managed to update EToH 4 different times with bugs i found. Bugs which i would have probably
not have found during my personal testing due to how i test things.

## So i will do monthly recap, but just the last couple of days.
I have some stuff to talk about, so might as well.

I fixed the PI, which i broke and nearly bricked... It's not in perfect condition but the final things left are just those that if future me needs them future me can solve them. If you want to know what i did, then you can view the whole recovery documentation
on my site, here: https://dragmine149.github.io/Blog?blog=fresh-pi-recovery. It's not the best documentated and mostly just contains all the commands i ran. But it's there for future me so future me doesn't have to spend like 3 days on it again.

Other news, i have worked on my game some. I've scheduled (should come out around <t:1751436000:f>) a post on mastodon for something that i ran across recently. I would link it but well its not out yet.

I've also done some work on my video, 16 seconds are now done. I just need to slowly get through the rest. This one i'm setting a goal for end of july at least.

## And thats all.
Listening to Lofi music whilst doing work, especially something like this kinda makes me want to do less work and relax a bit more. Hence it becomes hard to talk about things in a way.

So i'll end this here. And see you on friday where i might have been able to do a lot more consedering it's meant to be cooler for a while (low 20s instead of low 30s)

Categories: [Monthly]
