# To hint, or not to hint. An important decision for the "title"

You'll see.

## Right now actually, welcome to typescript.
*"But didn't they say we weren't going to ts?"* -- said "       " (i haven't seen anyone say it...)

> I'm not going to make my website into typescript anymore. As much as i want to, and could probably try and find a tutorial for. It's just going to be a tad bit more effort than worth. Thankfully however, i have now enabled zed `inlay_hints` option
which should make working with js code way easier.

*Source: https://dragmine149.github.io/Blog?blog=2025-07-06*

So after a week, 47 commits a lot of bug fixing. The website is now running on typescript, for the most part. All of the changes can be found here: https://github.com/dragmine149/dragmine149.github.io/pull/4
My subproject, EToH BT still runs on vanilla js but i plan to convert that across at some point.

This update also brings along some improvements. The major one being that loading the website is now faster. Before, each file would have to be downloaded taking like a second in total. Now less files have to be downloaded and all the files are much
smaller due to bundling. This does however mean that those who liked to explore the console don't get as much freedom, well don't worry. Everything is now under `globalThis.debug` for you to explore however you want.

During conversion, i also had to fix some minor bugs which i am unsure if they were visible before the conversion or not. I can't be bothered to check.. Most of the "bugs" i fixed was just typescript getting annoyed at me, part of the point of
converting. Mostly in invalid types, but sometimes in places where i can get away with stuff in js.

### The setup
And probably the reason i went wrong the last time i tried.

1. Install npm
2. `npm init` (with defaults)
3. Remove package name and set `"private": true` in package.json (to avoid auto upload to npm for some stupid reason)
4. Convert all `.js` to `.mjs` (this makes working with typescript slightly easier)
5. Install typescript
6. `npx tsc --init` to setup typescript.
7. Convert all `.mjs` to `.ts`.
8. Fix all type issues

Thats the majority of what i had to do, some config files did need to be slightly modified but it works mostly. It's just no-where on npm/typescript does it give clear install instructions. It kinda assumes you already know / setup some of the things
required to get everything working. I could have followed a yt video but avoided yt (and other sources) due to the assumption it would take a while to find the short part of a really long thing on how to set it up with my existing project.

### Bundler
The important part. Which i only installed part way through conversion. Most of the code i can use the native `npx tsc` to convert but parts where i use an external package, kinda need a package manager + bundler to convert them. typescript compiler
doesn't do enough.

I originally tried with the `webpack` bundler, as it was kinda the first one i came across. Took a little while to setup and then took 30 seconds to run on my tiny website... In either modes and without much config. 30 seconds to bundle is too much
time, especially when i'm use to. "You did a change? Website is updated as soon as i refresh". Not having to wait. Other projects like godot / rust make sense for a compile time. but not js.

After leaving it for a day, i remember about the `bun bundler`. created a new branch (pre webpack) shoved that in and it compiles instantly with like 0 config. Way nicer to work with. The command i use now is:
```sh
bun build --outdir=./dist --watch --minify --sourcemap=linked --splitting ./Scripts/initial.ts ./Scripts/code_copier.ts ./Scripts/debug.ts
```
And just leave that running in the background alongside the server whilst i work on things. On average (from when i've checked), bun takes 30ms to bundle. Unnoticeable as saving, alt-tab, refresh takes way longer. The only problem is my dist dir gets
filled up with a ton of files, but thats easily cleaned up by just removing the directory every now and again.

I have been tempted to check out other bundlers. But bun works well enough that i don't even need to care unless there is some amazing feature i need. Like with the ts bugs, i not that bothered enough to work out why webpack is so slow. Not worth
effort trying to get it to work especcialy when it requires a bit more config than i would want.
bun also doubles as a package manager which i plan to use instead of `npm` or `pnpm`

### EToH
Yeah, kinda broke that. It required scripts which i updated to ts... Thats been fixed now via an extra script and some `globalThis` with `await import`

## Anything else i've done this week?
Not really, kinda focused on converting website to ts. And kinda got sucked into a new manga (72 chapters) once again...

Well, i also finished some EToH things but that isn't really interesting to talk about.

## Next week.
I.. don't know what i'm doing yet. I have projects to work on i just don't know which due to potential warm weather. I do have a plan to stream a new game. I just need to learn how to play it and find someone to stream with if possible.

## For now, enjoy a slightly quicker website.
And maybe some bugs... Still got some edge cases to test and clean out.

The next update? (not blog website update), probably massive css change which will look visiually different.

For now (again v2), time to rest and catch up on anime.

Categories: [Website]
