# August is here. And a double-ish blog.
Both a monthly update one, and a weekly blog as it's so close to friday.

## Lets start with streaming
Quality bad, but idrc. I just want to stream (and kinda test how much my computer will let me do). So i've been streaming. Me failing at CoLS...

The streams are basically "Watch me fail at CoLS for hours straight", i'll beat it one day... hopefully...

It took a bit of setup but i'm surprised that i can play a game and stream just fine. I do have the limitation of only being able to stream 720p though (1080p causes my computer a bit too many issues). However to me (on my 4k monitor), 720p and 1080p
fell pretty much exactly the same.

### Talking about resolutions.
Although i have a 4k monitor, i can never make full use of it. It provides a lot of desktop space for apps, yes. But whilst watching videos... 4k is impossible. IK there are some channels which upload 4k content. And whilst 4k does feel sharp than
1080p, most channels that i watch don't upload in 4k (yet, maybe one day) and well obviously 90% of old videos... aren't 4k.

On the other side of the spectrum, 480p is too low quality, with some exceptions. Depending on the size of the window, depends on how good 480p is. But 480p is kinda my go to if slow internet or nothing else alvalible (like an old anime i'm currently
watching).

720p and 1080p however, fell exactly the same. And yes, some people will complain at me about how they are not the same. How it's sharper or whatever. But for the most part, they are the same. I've been watching anime in 1080p but recently switched to
720p to allow the PI to process the data quicker. As with 1080p, i kept running into issues of having to wait for the anime to process. Not fun to deal with but thats the limit of CPU encoding. (one day i'll have a dedicated server for it...). Anyway
to me, they fell the same. Idk if the PI is just that good at upscaling or smth but i don't notice a difference personally.

### Back to streams
I haven't really been getting many viewers, but i'm not that worried. I just want to slowly get back into doing more stuff online and have a proper schedule. It's a mess currently and there are a lot of things i'm still not confident in doing. idrk
how i go to this stage either.

## Now monthly recap.
Time to find july's list.

*checks last month blog*

I don't have one... i keep doing this to myself. Whatever. I'll just have to try my best to remember.

### I had a holiday.
I've already explained this in a previous blog, but yes i had a holiday for once... kinda.

I took time away from social media, well discord in particular which taught me a few things at HOW BAD DISCORD IS. Youtube is kinda harder to take time away from, MAL is just something i read out of curiosity and my mastodon feed is quiet enough to
the point of none-existent sometimes. Github is eh.
I also stopped anything and just focused on doing Advent of Code which i documented here: https://dragmine149.github.io/Blog?blog=aoc%2F2019 SO, although i was still doing a lot of work (with numbers instead) it was something i hadn't really touched
in a while and didn't do regular enough. Counts for me.

### I want to complain about discord...
As much good as discord is, for being able to communicate with friends and is partly what got me to where i am today. Discord is also flawed with the following issues:
- expensive
- laggy

I'm currently running the browser version of discord w/ shelter. And it takes up 624MB of memory. (it has been worse). All it's doing is sitting idle on 1 channel, pinned tab. Nothing else. I understand that stuff like messages need o be stored in
memory, but even when i refresh discord it takes like 500MB... (~400MB w/o shelter but that still way too much for a **chat app** either way).

The client is even worse. Although i do have vencord installed. It still however takes up like 1.1GB or smth. Ontop of that, i fell like the performance of everything else is worse just as to how much discord is trying to do. Sometimes discord is as
bad as letting me be able to fully type and send a message without even seeing the message as i type it.

My way of testing performance is with OSU!. I run OSU! whilst in tablet mode, so my laptop fans aren't working as well as they could be (blocked by the screen), hence computer gets warmer quicker. With discord open, i was lucky to survive 1/2h without
my computer taking off to space (fans go brrrrr) but with discord closed i'm getting to 1/2h fine, probably could go on forever. (until my laptop died ofc).

And yes, i have tried other clients... but they all have problems:
- Weird crashes (Dorion)
- Uses electron (Vesktop, some other clients)
  Electron clients are a no-go. Using electron is basically the same as using the official client.
- Limited UI features (abandoncord)
- CLI-based
- Just broken in general

As much as i want to avoid having to create my own custom client, i might end up having to just to get something that even more light weight. The other clients either use stuff i don't want to touch or are in a language i don't understand so i can't
easily fork them. But this is a future project for me to worry about. Browser discord works well enough for now.

And no, i can't stop using discord. All my friends use discord, and i moderate a discord server (which i could stop, but it's been 6 years and fells like family). SO until discord implodes upon itself due to all the nitro features i'm kinda stuck
using it.

If anyone does see this and want to create a client. I plan to do it in rust with the same UI framework Zed uses. Yes Zed is using 760MB of memory, but it fells lightweight enough (and should be nice enough) to work with where it shouldn't cause too
many issues.

### Alright, onto august plan.
First off.

================<br>
TO FUTURE DRAG IN SEPTEMBER, HERE IS THE LIST
================<br>

- Website rework
  - Convert to typescript (hopefully)
  - reduce size of everything
  - replace BeerCSS with tailwind CSS
  - upgrade tree in css?
  - Smaller file sizes
  - More options, better UI navigation
  - router (`/blog` and `/Blog` lead to same place)
  - Better blog page + titles + sidebar jumping
- EToH Improvements
  - Cleaner menu bar
  - Graphs
  - Settings
  - Quicker loading (and offline support)
  - Better navigation (search mainly)
  - More features
  - Wiki scraping
- Better MAL
  - Actually some work on it...
- Daily Story
- Daily Art

Thats the main list. Stuff might get added to it and removed as august go past, but that what i would like to accomplis. I wouldn't be surprised if i ended up slightly side-tracked due to some other project i've got in progress. As for things i've
wanted to do june/july. I kinda failed... Partly because of holiday, Partly because of sidetracker. And kinda most importantly lack of motivation. (always with godot projects...)

I've switched back to website stuff as due to using my own projects i've found a lot of things wrong with them which i believe i'll find more enjoyment working on them than my godot projects (even though i kinda wanted to get away from js world).

## Thats the recap over...
And i've just realised, although this comes out on the 1st. I've actually done this a day early... My calendar of july kinda got semi messed up. Oh well, Means i should get things done quicker right?

## Whats this? Story and Art.
I plan to spend an hour a day working on my story, and another hour trying to draw (or learn to at least). idk yet how well i'll stick to this schedule but if i make something i am proud of i'll share.

## Lastly, data compression.
As i've done today a day early, i started working on EToH again. My first goal to be scrap the wiki + load from github instead of load from my server.

The wiki scrap means i don't have to do anymore work. Mostly. Data will be automatically updated from the wiki every week, meaning if something is off then i'm not to blame. It also means i don't have to worry about keeping it up to date or updating
it because the wiki community does that for me. Yes it might fell a bit inapporiate scraping the wiki, especially with things not wanting to be scraped and what not.

The other goal (super easy) is to get the data from github instead of my website (on github). That way, if the data does update i don't have to update my website as well. I kinda plan to do this for every file. Basically have EToH be 1 file which
downloads all the other files. But i'll see what i do about that.

The only thing i'll have to do, is to add in the data for towers which the rust program can't find the wiki equilivant for (due to some stupid naming or smth unaccounted for). But once setup that shouldn't be too hard to fix when needed.

But that isn't about data compression... Alright time for numbers.
```rs
// Ignore the formatting, it's just to make it look pretty.
87k -> "old"
12.7k -> "old + gz"

// remove pretty formatting applied by editor
31k -> "raw"
6.6k -> "raw + gz"

// replaced all keys with shorter versions ("name" -> "n")
23k -> "key compressed"
6.4k -> "key compressed + gz"

// removed "Tower of " / "Citadel of " as we can inherit that from the type parameter
28k -> "w/o xxx of"
6.5k -> "w/o xxx of + gz"

// Combined above 2
20k -> "w/o xxx of + key compressed"
6.2k -> "w/o xxx of + key compressed + gz"
```

Yeah... The data is expensive. I recently watched this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HRAUWrvK6o (very good video). and one of the main points was the fact of optimising for energy, as in make files small so that less energy (although tiny)
is spent transferring the file in the first place. Kinda what i tried to do here. Unlike the video however, i'm staying in json whilst the video used their own custom format.

And well, yeah. I've manged to save about 51% of the file size. A massive improvement, the uncompressed version saves about 77%. (Hopefully i got maths right). I would want to compact it even more, but then it makes some things slightly harder.
Examples being:
- Can't really use in API calls. (would be fine if i had a dynamic server which i don't)
- Would have to find another library for processing (JSON is built in to browsers)

That being said, the 6.2k file doesn't actually contain all the data as the 12.7k file does. It contains most of it though. Hence why i see it as a fair comparison. I do want to decrease it further because there is still a ton of duplication. Each
tower being like `{"n":"Do Dat Look Like A Tower","d":5.83,"b":[2965533401798823],"t":0}` consisting of an approx minimum of 46 characters, with 25 of them being the same 25 for every single tower... But trying to use somethin like a CSV won't work
as there is other data stored within the JSON.

I'll work something out, but the size improvement is good enough for now to the point where i can just leave it alone.

## End of blog.
I've got ironing to do, and i've written enough for 150 lines worth. I've also pretty much ran out of things to talk about. Well technically i could talk about a lot more things but i don't want to keep recaping stuff.

So once again, see you next week :)

Categories: [Monthly Discord Website EToH Streaming]
