# In a way, i'm still a coward.

I backed down...

## So about those streams...
I really need to get on and just do a stream sometime, and yet here i am writing a blog post hehe...

- <t:1741046400:w> stream i couldn't do due to being tired
- <t:1741219200:w> stream is just me being scared. Hence i decided against it and to do this instead.

It's a situation where you ever just get on and do it, or you have someone to come along and help you give you that push. I'm worried about something, and yet i seem to find reasons to put it off that are totally not related to said something.
This has probably been a by-product of basically doing everything solo for the past couple of years. Almost everything that i've publicly released has been done solo.
The other potential reason is i'm just scared of doing it alone for 2 hours. Talking to the void is WAY different than writing to the void. It's only something small streamers really experience, which i why i try to support my oshi as much as possible. They
are small and i want them to know that they have at least someone watching.

## So instead, to make up (and because i'm behind). I'm release the story today (and writing this blog)
I wanted to release the story earlier in the week, but due to other "small" website features i kinda got side tracked and haven't released it yet.

Well, now it's released. Although the page is not perfect by anymeans, you can visit it by going to [`/Stories`](http://dragmine149.github.io/Stories), or using the new item in the navigation bar.

## Well, whilst we're here. Lets talk about some other website updates.

### To start with, the long awaited settings feature. (is it long awaited though)?
The settings system is now fully implemented, This uses the browser [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage) to function. Settings will persit between sessions unless they get wipped by the user.

The current settings are to do with the particle system, and a bunch of debugging related. Although i do plan to expand and add more settings as time goes on.
The debug section is mainly for me, however fell free to look at massive amounts of data in the browser console if you want. I ain't removing a feature that i have fun with.

I'll explain this once again. All settings are stored locally and are never sent to any server. Hence no need for a cookie banner. If you find a bug, you are free to report it on the github repo, which you might be asked to provided setting data, but thats still
up to you.

### Particle system doesn't use up CPU once disabled.
Commit [af544cc](https://github.com/dragmine149/dragmine149.github.io/commit/af544cc2b176c5266300b477b6f6375f30db6666), fixes an issue with `particle.js` and the browser CPU. By changing
```js
document.getElementById('particles-js').childNodes.forEach((child) => child.remove());
```
to
```js
pJSDom[0].pJS.fn.vendors.destroypJS();
```
The particle system is now truly destroyed instead of still running in the background. The browser was already getting stopping it to save CPU power when the tab isn't active, but this will stop it altogether.

Eventually i would like to add in some more detection, like to automatically disable upon running on a laggy device where it could slow down the whole site. But thats a later goal.

### Marked files are their own repo.
In order to display this blog, i've used markdown and have had to expand it in some situations. Hence a lot of marked files, and now they are separated for more general use.

The files can be found in this different git repo: [https://github.com/dragmine149/marked/](https://github.com/dragmine149/marked/), For now, they can only be installed via github. Someday i might release them onto a platform like `jsdelivr.com` or something similra.
How to use them, etc is all explained in the repo `README.md` file, with enough detail to hopefully not get lost.

As i continue to improve my website, i'll continue to update those files as well.


### Removale of AOC... kinda
The quicklink in the menu navigation for `AOC 2024` has disappeared because well its.. March, AOC 2024 is kinda long gone by now. However, you can still visit it by going to the [project page](https://dragmine149.github.io/Projects?project=/Other/aoc).
When AOC 2025 comes around, another link will come back to the nav menu, but for now it'll stay as a project.


### The website "Build" has shrunk by... 81%?
This might not sound impressive, but it is. You won't notice anything though (or you shouldn't at least).

There are a lot of files, some are not in use, some are just big in general. I want my website to be as small as possible without it being a 1 line website... (i could see that happening).

SO, the optimisations i did are:

#### Removed a bunch of undeed Asset files.
Using rust, AI, and a lot of trial and error. I reimplemented the `.gitignore` system in rust for my own files, `.websiteignore`. They act almost the same but the difference being `.websiteignore` still lets git track them but doesn't publish them to the website.
I did this for a whole bunch of `Asset/` files. Mainly the ones from 3rd party libraries that i only used 1 or 2 `js`/`css` files from.
This alone, helped took the website from `~14.2MB` down to `~8MB`, a big improvement already.

The second thing, was just changing the location where images were being taken from. Upon writing a blog, i don't provide a direct link to the image. I just provide the file system path from the root. (this helps me test locally as well).
As such, `marked` was automatically giving every image a `src` which i just took and modified. Now the source of all blog images is `raw.githubusercontent.com` instead of `dragmine149.github.io`. Why? No need to have the same file in two places on the same-ish system
right?
This once again, took it down from `~8MB` to `~2.7MB` (due to using `.websiteignore` to ignore image files)

The above logical could also be applied for pretty any other page/file on the website. Just change where we get it from. But that has some issues. The main one being it just won't be right and at that point you would not really even need a server.
There is only so much optimisation one can do.

Technically, i could probably get the website to `<1MB`, the whole `Branches/` portion is quite big (and out of date), and there are still some files that are not needed.

##### But why go through all this effort?
Apaprently, github has a website size limit (makes sense though, it has to have limits somewhere...) which is `1GB`, with a hard limit at `10GB`. Although i was only using `14MB` (`~0.14%`), eventually as i keep expanding. Writing new blogs, adding images, etc.
The site is going to get quite big. So the more i can do at the start to reduce it the better.

##### So, why not also minify everything?
I don't like `minify`. The code is really unreadable, especially not useful during debugging. Although it will help, due to how small some of my files are anyway, it would basically be worthless in some cases.

3rd party libraries however, i'll still use the minified version where possible. Partially because i don't have to care about those libraries. They aren't my work and i'm not maintaining them. Simple.

### WIP: Datetime improvements.
After a lot of time failing with AI... (costed me about `£2.00` of my free (`£10.00`) usage) and researching. Using a big json file and a lot of pre-determined numbers. We can now get your location. HAHAHAHA

Well, yes and no...

To spill the beans, the new datetime improvements are designed to make the background more realistic and sync with the current time it is outside. That means, we need some data, like where you are.
To get the sunrise and sunset time for any given day in any given location, we can use a fomular (which i don't understand, i'm hopping to find a decent library for this). The formula however requires a `lat`, `long` position as well as a day.

So, how to get the location from the user? Simple. Either:
- use the browser [geolocation API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Geolocation)
- or use the user timezone.

The system we use is both. If you give up permission, then we'll use the `geolocation` api to get your `lat`,`long` positions. If you don't give us permission (or have disabled the setting), then we use the `lat`,`long` pos of a `pre-made` json file of timezones
and their `lat`, `long` based off this js function thingy
```js
let timezone = Intl.DateTimeFormat().resolvedOptions().timeZone;
```
And if that fails, then we fall back to the default `12/12` cycle.

Although all the above is still a WIP. Got to figure out a good way to implement the formula now...

## Okay, back to doing stuff.
I'll try to stream, at some point. It might be friday, might be next week depending on how busy i end up being.

But at least this time, story would be released. I still haven't thought of the major C2 plot point yet so C2 is going to be a while longer once again.

For now, time to give character names and release C1, then go back to watching anime.
