# It's warm, but this blog is about something else...
Kinda makes me not want to do work due to how warm it is, but you've got to push through.

## I missed two blogs opportunities
Last friday (and that weekend), i didn't feel like doing much. Hence i put the blog off. Then, on the day of my birthday (explained later) i had a cold so also didn't feel like doing much. This blog will probably be an extra special big blog once again.

## Where to start... Anime.
Because anime was going to be the main focus of last weeks blog. I completed ***some*** (okay, it turned out to be quite a binge), 5 anime... (okay, maybe not that much of a binge...).

### Toradora -> https://myanimelist.net/anime/4224/Toradora
After half a year, i finally decided to finish it. And enjoyed it i did. A show which i should have watched ages ago. Out of all the anime i've seen (394+24+5), nothing comes close to this. The amazing thing about Toradora is that it isn't love at first sight,
unlike most other romance anime. We don't know from the get go who is going to end up with who, unlike some similar shows. (The closest from what i've watched is probably [bottom teir character Tomozaki-kun](https://myanimelist.net/anime/50803/Jaku-Chara_Tomozaki-kun_2nd_Stage))
On top of that, the primary focus on school life and romance is nice. Once again, most shows have a focus on something else, with a side of romance and school life ontop of that. (Too many to even try to list).

Of cause, i could be missing some connections. I haven't watched that much anime of that topic yet...

### Chunnibyou! -> https://myanimelist.net/anime/14741/Chuunibyou_demo_Koi_ga_Shitai
Chunnibyou is not a mental illness condition, it's a shield. A way to protect yourself from the outside world even if you know and have to accept the truth. Just being able to believe in something so strongly that it can help othercome pretty much anything.
And when love gets involved, it kinda gets complex. Unlike what i was expecting at the start of the show, they deliver with some actual action like you would see in an isekai anime or similar. Mixed in with the outside view of, "Oh wait, the weapons are actually
every day items..."

### Talentless Nana -> https://myanimelist.net/anime/41619/Munou_na_Nana
A death show, i kinda like these types of shows. And this is no different, the ending is tragic like always though.. It's so tragic and amazing to the point where i want to read the manga to continue the story but don't know if i should or shouldn't. I did read
a bit around Chpt 30 just so i could find out if she actually survived, or if it ended up as a life trading situation (which spoiler, it did.)

### Pshychic School Wars -> https://myanimelist.net/anime/14293/Nerawareta_Gakuen
The name and description made it sound better than what it actually was. Sounded like something at school where students got involved in wars and everyone had magical ability, or along those lines. Turned out to be majoritly romance with that as a side issue.
Which was easily overcome in just a couple of minutes in a way which did not fit at all.

### Riddle Story of Devil -> https://myanimelist.net/anime/19429/Akuma_no_Riddle
A true death game show, 11 assassins, 1 target, 1 protector. And the funny thing is, in the end. The anime won as no-one actually died, and everyone got what they wanted, or something better even though they lost. The special episode after the season was also funny
and a nice break from the chaotic season. Although this show is hard to talk about without giving it all away. (although, haven't i've been doing that already?)

### Currently...
The end of the season is here, or well approaching. Some anime has already finished, and some is in progress of wrapping up. I've also pretty much finished my PTW list for summer25. 18 episodes this time, (+3 carry), 6 of which are sequels, 2 of which are from
manga i'm currently reading (should be intesting), 1 of which i'm unsure if i want to watch or not. (It's just the same theme for the hundredth or so time).

Outside of seasonal anime, i've nearly finished [Yoku Wakaru Gendai Mahou](https://myanimelist.net/anime/5454/Yoku_Wakaru_Gendai_Mahou) and then i'll probably go back onto chunnibyou.

I downloaded the show (yokuwakaru gendaimahou) a while ago, but didn't get around to watching it, so thought to watch it as my "to self" birthday present.

### Even with the anime plans... I still have 4 PTW lists.
Yeah... I keep finding them quicker than i can watch them. So...
- The main list (on mal) is ~ 200 strong. (with like ~70 being anime that has not yet been release).
- A list on my desktop, or well 4 mini lists. containing:
  - A list of anime of more piroity than those on MAL PTW (kind of a mini PTW)
  - Currently watching and plan to watch (with episode count)
  - Ones which i want to watch whilst doing ironing. (with episode count).

      *This list is special, as it consists of those which i probably would never watch as something else sounds more interesting.*
  - A list of anime that is "Potential", ones which i have yet to look too deeply into to know if i want to watch them or not. This consists of mostly MAL links.
- A browser window containing 2 anime (This used to have more, but i binged most of them recently.)
- A "couple" of tabs in a group in a different browser window.

Either way, it's a lot to get through. But it's on my list so i want to get through them at some point at least. Might just take another week or two of bingeing them at some point though.

## Whilst on the topic of anime... Torrents.
I've started development on a rust program, one which will read my MAL watching list, check for those with a tag of `t: ***` (where *** is the name of the uploader), and automatically download said torrent when the new episode is released.

Why? Because i want to mainly. The program will run on the PI and the PI can manage the whole seasons worth of anime for me, saving my computer from filling up once again due to not deleting anime for the 10th time or so... (anime is really big for not really
and major quality improvements)

I'm struggling a bit with rust, mainly just finding the right crates for the job. Turns out what i want to do isn't that well supported in rust... Oh well, time for more things for me to maintain i guess...

## And following on, doing stuff in rust.
There are now, another two applications which i want to rewrite. I've already made a post along these lines on mastodon: https://silversword.online/@dragmine149/114712560282213335.

The two apps are discord and Hayase.

### Rewriting discord
Discord is made using electron, and even with client mods (not that many as well), it's still laggy on my linux distro, and takes up too much ram... So although it goes against the discord TOS, i plan to make one with https://www.gpui.rs/ as the UI framework.

Electron, has many issues with linux and wayland at the moment, if an app is built with electron i would like to stay as far as i can away from it. Yet electron can power a ton of things. so electron is amazing. Either way i want to rewrite discord at least.
I know rewrite versions exist, but they don't seem to have something or feature which makes me rather not use them.

### Rewriting Hayase
Hayase is an amazing anime torrent client app, (formulla miru) but with the v6 release, some things just become worse and some things are better, overall it's not perfect (nothing is). I could fork this and improve it myself, but i don't understand svelte to be
able to do that.

### Either way...
Those two are future projects, got some projects to finish up first before i can work on them.

## Alright, main topic... My birthday.
Tuesday 17th June.

There, birthday but not DOB. Good luck guessing age (although you can probably find out somehow). I did plan on making a tiny birthday themed update, and a birthday blog. But the cold right before just took all the energy out of me to do that, hence i decided
against it. Maybe next year though.

### Anyway, what did i get?
Headphones, in particullar. `Song WH-1000XM6`. One of the best pairs of headphones i've had yet. I've brought myself headphones in the past and then end up (somehow) breaking after like a year of use... Hence i just let it up to everyone else to decided.
The only conditions were:
- Wireless (and wired but thats less important and most wireless have wired)
- Noise cancelling (can't live without it pretty much)
- Decen't battery life (doesn't need constant charging every day)
- Doesn't break within a year.

So far, (it hasn't been long), the new headphones have delevered with bonus additional features on top as well. The bonus features include
- Charging whilst in use (YES. SOOO amazing, my old pair for context couldn't, unless you used wired)
- More "intuitive" media navigation (swipping and taping). No more having to find where the button is, the whole right ear cup can just do volume controls and forward/next. (as well as play/pause)
- Much better double device connection. Connects to both my laptop and phone without issue at the same time. Means i can use my phone to control them if need be.

Overall, a very good product. A pair which i hope i can keep using for a long time.

### Thats all...
I did ask for a battery pack as well, but consedering the price yeah it makes sense i didn't get both.

*Now time to go and quickly buy that battery pack... one moment please.*

Alright, i'm back... Now where was i? Oh right. On to the next thing.

## Videos
I haven't forgotten about this (although i have been sidetracked), i feel like the first video in the series anyway will have to be a complete product. Unless i basically stream the progress, there is little way i can split it up into multiple videos. I can extend
on the project after the first video, but multiple videos. No way...

I plan to work more on that later (once it gets cooler) and this weekend, along with...

## Resetting my phone, once again.
Sometime around christmas (maybe after), i made the switch from stock android to e/os. A flavour of android. And i've been enjoying it, well not much changed to begin with i already used custom homescreen and background. E/OS however, did come with benefits that
android didn't have. However as of late, some bugs have appeared, which seem to be unable to be fixed and from what i read, it sounds like people just deal with it. Annoyingly some of those bugs kinda affect how i use my phone...

So i plan to go to LineageOS, what E/OS is based on (and the android emulator which my laptop has uses). Hopefully that works just as well with less bugs. Does mean i'm going to have to back up everything again (which android is never good at)

## Ok, different note (wait, thats been the last few)
I got a new "Spotlight" application.

For those who don't know, spotlight is the application that upon doing something like `ctrl/alt/meta/win + space`. A UI element pops up in the middle of the screen, allowing for quick search of system files, calculator and much more. In recent times, i've been
using it more and more. Well, the KDE version. KRunner.

KRunner just has one problem though, it's tiny. I can barley see it on my 4k screen. Yes i could technically change system settings, but just for one app.. No need. Hence i am now using [Albert](https://github.com/albertlauncher/albert).
It did take a while to setup (and some KDE window overrides for perfection on wayland), but now that it's setup hopefully i can use it just as well and save a lot of time.

## Alright, time to wrap up.
Even though it's been two weeks. and three missed blogs, i still only have a 1.5x (aprox) length blog. Kinda a surprise how much gets compressed when you wait a while.

Well, either way. I've got stuff to do (rust to program, video to edit, anime to watch). So for this week, i've leave it here for now. (and i can't really think of much else to talk about.)
Correction, there is more to talk about... But i think i'll leave those for next week, they kinda go outside of the scope of this blog for now.

***Someone remind me to check `next.md` before i write next weeks post please!***

Categories: [Birthday Rust Phone Anime Spotlight Videos]
