# The weekly blog is still weekly. kinda.
It's on the weekend at least so it counts.

## Lets start with website month, aka the month of February.
I have around 4 projects which i work on at any given time, all for various reasons. But all projects are a different code base with some different things, hence making it a bit annoying to continuously switch between them.

Due to this fact, i decided that for most of January i would only work on two, whilst leaving the other two til February. The two i chose for january were my game and AOC.

Now it's February, where i can start work on my other two projects, both are websites.

### But why?
Mainly the coding languages. Rust is extremely similar to javascript, hence going back and forth between them would have just been a pain. For example, take this simple `hello world` function that takes in a username input.
```js
// js
function hello(user) {
  console.log(`Hello ${user} to this wonderful world`);
}
```
```rust
// rust
fn hello(user: &str) {
    println!("Hello {user} to this wonderful world");
}
```
Simple, not much difference. Now however, lets say we want to use a different message if the user was instead `drag`. Whilst we're at it, lets also return a modified version of `user`.
```js
// js
function hello(user) {
  if (user == "drag") {
    console.log(`Welcome back ${user}. How are you today?`);
    return user.length;
  }
  console.log(`Hello ${user} to this wonderful world`);
  return 0;
}
```
```rust
// rust
fn hello(user: &str) -> u8 {
    if user == "drag" {
        println!("Welcome back {user}. How are you today?");
        user.len() as u8
    } else {
        println!("Hello {user} to this wonderful world");
        0
    }
}
```
Now the differences start to show even more. The differences include:
- Typed arguments. Although not a big issue, can become annoying having to remember to include or to not include them.
- Brackets around statements. Rust doesn't require brackets around the if statement unless it's an `x or y` situation where `x` has to be done first.
- Return types. Javascript allows any return type whilst rust forces you to have the one. (I do prefer the rust way though).
- Return. Javascript requires the `return` statement, whereas rust only needs it if you're breaking out in the middle. (and no `ifelse` statements)

The main issue here being the brackets, but all together other time these add up and become annoying to deal with. Hence it's easier to work on one project then the other.

## So what are the updates?
I won't talk about the LDG website as that is a different situation, but for my website (this one). My planned updates are:
- (once again) Improved page loader system.
- Improved blog system (i want to use the `markdown` stuff elsewhere in the website)
- Finished project page
- Improved URL (hopefully via the use of `/.htaccess`)
- More blog features:
  - Ability to link to certain parts in the blog
  - Ability to jump between blog headings
  - Better blog formatting (images scroll instead of who blog scroll)
  - progress tracker (local cookies)
  - search
  - category sorting
  - More time formats (and separating that into it's own repo)
  - Improved CSS (links and lists don't really look all that well)
  - In-site links (links that show a page on this site will go to that page instead of reloading the site to go to that page).
  - Fix spelling (and maybe getting a better spelling system?)
- Finished branch system
- More seasonal backgrounds
- Improved and more realistic day night system.
- And more (maybe)

A lot of features i have planned for the website, which i hope to complete in February. Some are more important than others but i do plan on all of them being completed.

## Now about Januarys projects
My game and AOC.

My game... i won't talk much about. Not yet.
Although knowing me, i'll probably still work on it (although in a smaller sense), during February to try and complete it soon.

However AOC, i haven't reached my goals. Close but not there.
The two goals i had for AOC was to:
- Complete 2024 in under a second
- Complete 2015

Both years only have a couple of days left to be able to get to that goal, but those days have provided challenges that aren't as easy as some of the other challenges, requires more working stuff out even with reading other peoples code.
As such, those years still have uncompleted stuff in. And i don't plan on doing any more AOC for a while because the christmas season is pretty much over now. I might do SAOC (summer edition of AOC, aka doing AOC in summer), but i'll decided that closer to june time.

The past month did get a good lot completed for 2015, bringing me up from a total of `127` stars to a total of `164` stars, aka just over 3 years fully completed (although it's only technically 1). The total number of stars possible in aoc (as of 2024) is: `500`
hence i have completed `32.8%` of AOC so far.

## Ok, blog completed.
Time to go and catch up on anime so i can close my many open tabs in my browser.

On any given day, X number of anime can get a new episode. (as for today <t:1738358312:D>, there is 5). I normally end up watching most anime in the evening before i go to bed, sometimes due to other factors i do not get time to watch all the anime released that day.
So we get some left over from previous days. In order for me to keep track as to which ones i need to watch, i keep a tab open on MAL for each of the anime (include the overflow ones). As for todays case, i currently have `7` tabs open. Which fill up my window
quite a bit sometimes.

Categories: [Website Code/AOC]
