# I'm working on the blog, so why not write a blog.
It is also...  that time of week again.

## Yes, blog is finally getting updates. (This is also a personal update log).
These updates are nothing special, however they are well needed semi delayed updates to just improve the quality of the blogs and make them even more readable.

Before we get started with the updates, let me briefly explain how the website styles work:

Assuming you have the auto day/night cycle enabled, there is different backgrounds every roughly quarter hour. This results in 96 different backgrounds. However, to avoid having to make 96 different sets of colours for all backgrounds (when the backgrounds
don't even change that much.), [Beer css](https://www.beercss.com/), `.dark` / `.light` classes are used instead.
What makes the system slightly more confusing, is that `.light` is used at night and `.dark` is used during the day. But these two classes save having to set another 94 styles as well.

Right, now onto the changes.

### Colours
There would be too many sub sections for colours, hence we're having them all in one.

Link colours have now been updated:
- During the day, the colour is now: `#0041C2` instead of `#95ddd5`
- During the night, the colour is now: `#95ddd5`, aka the previous day colour instead of `#11554e`

Quote colours have been updated:
- Background changed from nothing to:
  - `#42424242` at night
  - `#1a1a1a1a` at day
- Border colours have been flipped for night/day themes.
  - `#cfbcff` instead of `#6750a4` at night.
  - `#6750a4` instead of `#cfbcff` at day.

Blog now has a background:
- `#09090909` at day
- `#1a1a1a1a` at night

The goal was for it to be there but be very faint so that it is barley noticeable yets kinda makes a big difference.

### New feature (born from the colours changes): `dark-is-dark`
`dark-is-dark` is an attribute set on ANY element (not just those of the blog). The point of this attribute is to allow elements to use the opposite class for the dark/light versions of the website.

Basically, in the settings there is an option to set the time (with realistic disabled), if you set it to a negative value, the whole background will either become black or white (dark/light representively). However due to the way the website work,
the colour scheme will be the opposite. A black bagckground will have the dark colours, and a light background will have the light colours. Which is should do. But with elements like the blog, the colours there have been flipped and hence also need to be flipped
once again.

TLDR; its confusing. But it works so i'm not complaining.

This feature did take a while to implement... well not the whole `dark-is-dark` thing just getting the css to render correctly on the blog. Eventually after asking AI 3 times (the first 2 didn't work) we got a solution buut the whole thing is still somewhat
semi confusing...

### Quote improvements
> This is an example quote

Which should tell you everything. Quotes are a really useful feature for markdown, allowing you to reference something else in full whilst not making it too out of the ordinary. A feature that isn't used a lot but is still useful. But one that does have to
be improved as well as everything else.

This improvement changes the colours, and also adds a radius to the right side. A small `20px` radius to round it off. The left side stays the same though.

### List improvements (They are more readable now!)
Font size has been increased from the old (beercss default of) `0.875rem` to `1.05rem`, it's not a big difference however it should make all the lists a tad bit easier to read.

### Local links!
This took a while to implement, and some "bypassing" of how the `markedjs` library works. But it's finally done and is **SO MUCH BETTER**

This helps out my single-page system a lot. Take these two links:
- https://dragmine149.github.io/Blog?blog=2025-04-06
- https://dragmine149.github.io/Projects?project=/Other/aoc

Before this update, clicking either of those links (or similar) would require a whole page refresh. Which is bad. Having a whole page refresh just ruins the whole point of the single-page system. But now... Clicking either of those links does not refresh
the page and takes you there directly, if you have fast internet (or have already cached the page) you might not even notice you have switched pages. (*the white loading screen is gone for good!*)

It has however, caused those links to not work if you `CTRL`/`CMD`/`SHIFT`/`RIGHT` click them though. I do plan to fix this at a future point but i'm just happy i have them working locally now.
It does also cause links to parts of the website that do not work well with the single-page system to outright break.

As for the code, it's slightly complex so go visit the [dedicated marked extensions repo](https://github.com/dragmine149/marked/) i have. It's all there plus even more information on using it and whatnot.

## Back to the march update
Lets copy the list of blog improvements across from [the march update blog](https://dragmine149/github.io/Blog?blog=2025-03-01) for quick reference.
> - Back button (other than browser back)
> - Ability to link to certain parts in the blog
> - Ability to jump between blog headings
> - Improved CSS (links and lists don't really look all that well)
> - In-site links (links that show a page on this site will go to that page instead of reloading the site to go to that page).

Out of this list, a couple have been completed. Those being the final two.

The css is defenitally better, i can read my own blogs now without having so much issues (my screen + worklayout don't help with that). There are some areas which i feel like could be improved a bit but those are for another times.

The `In-site links` is the `markedLocalLink` feature i just added, which is still a slight work in progress. But its defintally progress.

The rest of the list is something that i'll explore on a later date, maybe even in may or june depending on how long some other projects take to complete. It doesn't seem hard, however with how long stuff like `localLinkk` just took me then yeah...
Its going to require a whole day or so to look at.

## When can i do something other than websites?
I've been working purley on websites for the best part of the past 2/3 months now. Normally i work on multiple projects and just jump between them, which is fine as there are in different language, different environments. However with the past couple of months
although it's been across 4 different projects, its all the same underlying html/js/css languages, which are not the simplest to work with due to the many flaws they contain over the years.

I Started these projects because i thought they would be nice and quick to do, but that never happens with a project, i should have learnt that ages ago. (*hint hint, looking at you my game*)

One thing i did not except to be doing, even a couple of years ago. Is writing my own website with this much complexity to it. I did attempt to do a blog, years ago (like a long time ago) but never really felt any attachment to it and kinda did a one post only.
But now we have a lot more posts, and a lot more content, and a lot less blood and even more sweat. (`"a lot of blood sweat and tears later"`).

## Well, thats the end of the blog.
I would like to have gone into playing around with cloudflare and ETOH a bit more, but i think i'll leave that for when i release the tower tracker project.

For now, i've got to make git happy. Then i get to watch anime before working on ETOH again tomorrow.

Categories: [Website]
