# For once, i'm lost
Normally i can title these posts and yet i can't today.

## Lets start with the usual, website update
There is none. I've been focusing on other things hence no website update.

Well, thats out of the way for once, no hundred line website update log.

## 3D Physics are not fun...
Which also contains some spoilers of a mini-game in my game.

My game is made using godot, i'm currently on version 4.4.beta1 (yeah beta version, but i kinda need 4.4 so...). Using JoltPhysics (changed from GodotPhysics which i was using in v4.3)
Although both GodotPhysics and JoltPhysics somehow have this problem.

Given 2 rigid bodies. Release them one after another (`0.2` second delay) on a map. Somehow they will become desynced.
I have no idea why. They just do, which is very annoying for when they both need to be well synced.

I actually thought of a solution whilst writing this. The purpose of this system is for one body to mimic the other, so instead of getting them both to run their own calculations. Just teleport the first one to the second one all the time (after the delay)
This new way works pretty well, even if its technically a bit un-realistic but whatever. If it looks like it works to most people then no-one cares.

Thats all i will explain for now, otherwise i'll explain too much and might as well release my game (even though its still a while away from being public ready.)

## Advent of code.
I've been doing a lot on upon this past week. 2015 and 2024 included.

Both years have been giving me difficulties in one way or another...

### Lets start with 2024.

The purpose of working on 2024, is to try and get it to run quicker. As in, run every single day within around a second. (it's possible, i've seen reddit posts of it).
But that also means, doing some big rewrites. Take day 16 for example (which i've just recently completed).

My previous code (done on the 16th december), took around `2s` (per part) to complete. This new code i wrote (after a lot of trouble), takes a couple of millisecond.
Basically, any day where the code has taken upwards of `200ms`, i've tried to improve. Which i have improved.

It's easier to improve previous code once you have more experience, and a more built up utility file. (remember, i started this year with very little rust experience and very little utility stuff).
Day 16 was a pain to rewrite, i tried to just use my utility code to improve it to begin with, however this just ended up increasing the time (went from `2s` to `5s` to even `60s` at one point).
So i ended up rewriting the whole thing, well some things i kept but barley anything.

One thing i have learnt whilst trying to speed up certain days, is that threads are also expensive. Yes, they might be able to get things done WAY quicker, but it only really works if the thing being done is already taking forever.
Half the time, just be making everything single threaded on the main thread helped speed up the time it took massively. Which is a nice thing, means i have less to do.

Some other days were improved by referencing more instead of trying to clone. Which also lead to more `impl IntoIterator<Item = T> + '_` returns because, as per my friend Guy_732 words: "which is a useless allocation as far as I'm concerned" (whilst talking about
functions returning `Vec<T>` right before those vecs are going to be iterated upon.

Another common thing, especially with earlier days is just rewriting the code to use the new stuff. Because 2D maps are so versatile to make puzzles with, AOC ends up using a lot of them. In the early times of doing 2025, aka with no utils file.
I used `Vec<Vec<T>>` all over the place, however i've since made that into a `Grid<T>` which already has methods allowing me to save time by just using already done stuff. It's also makes the code more readable.

Although talking about `Grid<T>`, my code editor doesn't seem to want to auto-complete, when `T` is a custom `struct` instead of a built-in type. If i expand the Grid and add custom in-file functions, those will appear but others will not.
I don't know if it my code editor or something else, but it's not fun. I make do due to knowing pretty much all the methods on `Grid` anyway.

### Now for 2015.
2015 has been slightly more annoying due to the fact that nothing is standardized making testing and debugging kinda harder.

Although 2015 is nearly done, just got 7 and a half days to go (well, technically 7 because of the day 25 thing but yeah). I've taken a mini break from 2015 to work on 2024.
I want to have both 2024 and 2015 completed (or updated) by the end of January, hence i can then leave advent of code alone for a couple of months before 2025 advent of code.

## Alright whats next...
I did some work on my story.

My story work is slow, because i kinda only do it when i fell like i'm in the right environment, or mind set in a way.
Being creative is not a strong suit of mine. I can build upon other things by adding features or expanding story lines. But to start from scratch isn't a strong point for me. Although, thats just an excuse. If i wanted to i could probably complete it in a day.

So far, the first "chapter" is done. I might reword the ending of it though, i kinda rushed it so i don't really like it. So far, idk how many chapters the story will have but i will definitely complete it by end of February.
I also want to draw it out with pictures, kinda like a manga. But my drawing skills aren't the greatest so that idea is put on the back burner for now, i would rather complete the story and release it rather than spending a ton more hours failing to draw.

## Talking about manga...
The world of manga compared to the world of anime is weird.

Light novels seem a bit too boring for me currently, without pictures at least. I will read books but i kinda prefer manga, anime and visual novels instead. (also, i haven't found a good site to read light novels on).

Now about manga... There are a lot of good mangas out there, however most of the manga i seem to stumble along seem to be those of erotic nature. The story behind them is still good, and unique. Using commonly known game features in unique and different ways.
I'll read them, because of the story. I do tend to end up skipping all the erotic scenes though sometimes (when it's a whole couple of pages of them at least).

And yet, we look at anime where barley any anime is erotic, which is a good thing, makes it more watchable. But it is kinda suprising how much manga can go wild when it isn't designed to be put on a show in front of millions of people.

## Nearly a ~~~
wait, we'll do this next time.

## Okay, lets just get this over with. Put it on the record.
How do people watch anime, via streaming services or via pirating?

Well personally i pirate anime, for a multiple of reasons (and not because of money).
I know that what i'm doing is wrong, illegal in a way. Pirating is never going to go away, it's just impossible. You would need to rework the whole world to even have a chance at that happening.
I want to get this on the record to confort myself in a way. It's also so it's out of the way and something i don't have to worry about later (hopefully).

The reasons i pirate anime are because:
### Centralized location
Everything is in one place, it's simple and quick to access. Just search and boom found it.
No need to search the streaming services to find it.

Heck, there is even anime that isn't on streaming sites yet (For example, i watched [Girls Band Cry](https://myanimelist.net/anime/55102/Girls_Band_Cry) before it came out on cruncyroll. Really good anime btw)
And sometimes, when Fan Subs exists, some anime can even be watched that would have never made it onto a streaming site.

### The GUI and UX is (sometimes) WAY better than those of streaming services.
I used to use aniwave (before it got shut down), and i found that ui to be WAY more easier to navigate and use than cruncyroll (hence what got me into pirating in the first place).
Cruncyroll UI is fine, it's just missing some crucial things that other stuff does way better.

### Things are actually available.
I recently watched [Princess Principal](https://myanimelist.net/anime/35240/Princess_Principal), which is well like not available on any streaming services. Yet, pirating allowed me to watch it and watch it i did.

Princess principal is really good, i do give it a recommendation. Although when you do, at least watch the dub. The show is set in england so at least use the english dub (it's way better imo).

#### Okay side track.
I know of the debat between whether watching in `Subs` or watching in `Dubs` is better. I'm not going to take either side as i watch both, in dubs when i can and subs when i can't. Sometimes i even watch the subs even though there is a dub (normally because the
dub ended up coming out after i watched the sub, looking at you [Rascal does not dream of bunny girl senpai](https://myanimelist.net/anime/37450/Seishun_Buta_Yarou_wa_Bunny_Girl_Senpai_no_Yume_wo_Minai)).

However, watch princess principal (and all the sub stories), the dubs do seem better. Which i'll stand behind. (It does also mean i have to wait a while until the dub release comes out for Crown Handler 3)

### Back on track with, being able to watch without being interrupted.
Whilst streaming services do provide an option to download anime, thats normally locked behind paid tiers. And free websites like hianime, only provided downloads via certain providers (which i can never figure out which javascript i need to disable to watch them).

The problem comes into play when trying to watch (on the web), an older anime in particular. Stuttering like every 10 or so seconds as the download speed is too slow to keep up with you watching it.
I've switched away from free sites (which i'll explain in a moment) but being able to fully download a video means i can watch in peace. No stopping and ruining the experience every 10 seconds as the next chunk is downloaded.

The problem with watching in a web environment, is that they limit (due to some limitations), how much can be pre-loaded. Hence in some situations, there is no choice but to wait for it to buffer all the time.

Being able to watch without being interrupted does come with the advantage to download and watch whenever without worrying about data usage.

### I suppose i should act the fact that it's free
Although i would still want to pay if i could.
I'm not going to go out and buy a subscription to the streaming services though, i'm not going to use that.
I will however attempt to support the anime industry in a different way, although maybe when i'm in a more comfortable position to do that.

### Okay time to summarise.
I use torrents to watch anime, i still know nearly nothing about torrents but i know enough to be able to watch anime at least.
The app i use is [miru](https://miru.watch/), which has a very good ui and works like a charm.

Considering it's been a while since i started using miru, going back to streaming services now would be a tough one.
The reasons that make it tough are the GUI and the uninterrupted watch.

Big streaming services don't like making UI changes all that often, and probably won't as that would annoy a lot of people.
And due to streaming services wanting money, (and browser restrictions probably), i doubt being able to watch uninterrupted (aka download the whole episode) is going to be allowed.

### What about the download times though
I would rather let my computer fully download a whole series of anime over night rather than try to slowly watch it, and besides. Torrents aren't that slow, depending on the torrent and what i'm watching, i could have the whole episode downloaded even before i
have gotten past the opening.

The download times are the only annoying thing about trying to watch torrents, but it's not the worst and not a factor that would make me switch away.

## Finally, talked about enough stuff.
I started this after being annoyed at godot, but now i'm not annoyed. And hopefully next week post would be better.

Although, i've seen to ended up doing these at the weekend. The plan was to upload one at some point during any week but well. I guess special events might have their own changes.
I suppose the weekend is just better, it can summarise more and just fells like everything is rounded off instead of doing stuff all over the place.

For now, back to watching anime, and starting to read my ninetieth manga or whatever (most of the manga i read is in progress so there is a lot of wait between chapters, hence i read more manga, hence more wait and repeat).
