# This whole week has been trial and error...
Well, maybe not the **WHOLE** week... but you should get the point.
https://silversword.online/@dragmine149/114751970092991263

Between a combination of bugs, software not working, nearly bricking ssd... Its been long.

## Lets... go in reverse order. Starting with the PI.
On Thursday, i attempted to install `qbittorrent v5.x` on the pi. Due to a rust crate i'm using only being compatible for v5+ (and my local installation being v5). During the chaos of testing stuff. I ended up updating the firmware which for some reason broke the
OS forcing me to be unable to access the PI.

After a lot of formatting SD card multiple times. I finally got a bootable version So i attempted to fix the drive... to no avil. I once again forgot to document all the open tabs and AI convesations i had (even though i still have said AI convesations).

One thing that is useful, is this git repo: https://github.com/raspberrypi/rpi-eeprom. Downloading an older version of the firmware helped with getting access to the system again. (I'm now on the latest version of the firmware and all good)

(Don't worry, i made sure to copy all the data with `sudo cp -a`)

I'm skipping a lot here. (The downsides of no documentation) but i am currently in the process of restarting from scratch (and writing documentation for it this time).

## Whilst i wait for the pi to do stuff... Lets talk about this rust program.
I talked about this briefly in [Last weeks post](https://dragmine149.github.io/Blog?blog=2025-06-20) but a more concrete plan has been formed.

Make a program that every 1/2h (or as per specified via cronjob) checks MAL of the provided user**s** for their currently watching anime. Then sends a request to nyaa for the torrent information and save it. On top of that, move old episodes to cold storage (more
storage) and delete series once they have been fully watched by all users. Lastly, keep the `.torrent` files and translate them into a format which hayase can read for quick loading and watching of torrents.

So a total of 6 goals:
- Download data from MAL (via this link `https://myanimelist.net/animelist/{}/load.json?status=1`, where `{}` is the username)
- Process the tags. Translate `sub` to `SubsPlease` and dub to `Yameii`. Use `t:` as priority. Don't attempt to do anything if no obvious tag.
- Make a specific nyaa URL to search for the anime in rss format.
- Process the rss to get episodes to download
- Send requests to local qbittorrent server to download the specific anime (as pper the info hash + magnet link retrieved via the rss feed)
- Check all local files for moving to cold storage / deletion.

Seems easy right? Well for us yes. But for a computer... eh. The problem lies with processing the different formats. Let explain

### The result from MAL
I would have loved to use the API, but they don't have the endpoint i need. Hence we use this version. This does however mean we get this massive list of json data:
```rs
// converted to rust to show what is needed and of what types.
#[derive(Debug, Deserialize)]
pub struct MALResponse {
    // pub status: u8,
    // pub score: u8,
    pub tags: String,
    // pub is_rewatching: u8,
    pub num_watched_episodes: u16,
    // pub created_at: usize,
    // pub updated_at: usize,
    pub anime_title: String,
    // pub anime_title_eng: String,
    // pub anime_num_episodes: u16,
    // pub anime_airing_status: u8,
    // pub anime_id: usize,
    // pub anime_studios: Option<String>,
    // pub anime_licensors: Option<String>,
    // pub anime_season: Option<String>,
    // pub anime_total_members: usize,
    // pub anime_total_scores: usize,
    // pub anime_score_val: i8,
    // pub anime_score_diff: i8,
    // pub anime_popularity: usize,
    // pub has_episode_video: bool,
    // pub has_promotion_video: bool,
    // pub has_video: bool,
    // pub video_url: String,
    // pub genres: Vec<MALGenre>,
    // pub demographics: Vec<MALGenre>,
    // pub title_localized: Option<String>,
    // pub anime_url: String,
    // pub anime_image_path: String,
    // pub is_added_to_list: bool,
    // pub anime_media_type_string: String,
    // pub anime_mpaa_raaating_string: String,
    // pub start_date_string: String,
    // pub finish_date_string: String,
    // pub anime_start_date_string: String,
    // pub anime_end_date_string: String,
    // pub days_string: usize,
    // pub storage_string: String,
    // pub priority_string: String,
    // pub notes: String,
    // pub editable_notes: String,
}
```

### Nyaa URL
The URL for getting the data from nyaa is `https://nyaa.si/?page=rss&q={}+1080p+{}`. Slightly more complex.

It doesn't matter which order, but the first `{}` is the torrent name and the second is the anime name. Which, upon running an example (https://nyaa.si/?page=rss&q=yameii+1080p+witch+watch) gives:
(Note: result has been truncated)
```rss
<rss version="2.0">
  <channel>
    <title>
      Nyaa - "yameii 1080p witch watch" - Torrent File RSS
    </title>
    <description>RSS Feed for "yameii 1080p witch watch"</description>
    <link>https://nyaa.si/</link>
    <atom:link href="https://nyaa.si/?page=rss" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/>
    <item>
      <title>
        [Yameii] WITCH WATCH - S01E09 [English Dub] [CR WEB-DL 1080p] [C4D8D4DD]
      </title>
      <link>https://nyaa.si/download/1985233.torrent</link>
      <guid isPermaLink="true">https://nyaa.si/view/1985233</guid>
      <pubDate>Sun, 22 Jun 2025 08:36:40 -0000</pubDate>
      <nyaa:seeders>40</nyaa:seeders>
      <nyaa:leechers>0</nyaa:leechers>
      <nyaa:downloads>526</nyaa:downloads>
      <nyaa:infoHash>8c30c31cec858d272a5dc811e49a25dc19b94a6d</nyaa:infoHash>
      <nyaa:categoryId>1_2</nyaa:categoryId>
      <nyaa:category>Anime - English-translated</nyaa:category>
      <nyaa:size>1.4 GiB</nyaa:size>
      <nyaa:comments>0</nyaa:comments>
      <nyaa:trusted>No</nyaa:trusted>
      <nyaa:remake>No</nyaa:remake>
      <description>
        <a href="https://nyaa.si/view/1985233">#1985233 | [Yameii] WITCH WATCH - S01E09 [English Dub] [CR WEB-DL 1080p] [C4D8D4DD]</a> | 1.4 GiB | Anime - English-translated | 8c30c31cec858d272a5dc811e49a25dc19b94a6d
      </description>
    </item>
    <item>
      <title>
        [Yameii] WITCH WATCH - S01E08 [English Dub] [CR WEB-DL 1080p] [97DC3D6A]
      </title>
      <link>https://nyaa.si/download/1982830.torrent</link>
      <guid isPermaLink="true">https://nyaa.si/view/1982830</guid>
      <pubDate>Sun, 15 Jun 2025 13:09:56 -0000</pubDate>
      <nyaa:seeders>25</nyaa:seeders>
      <nyaa:leechers>0</nyaa:leechers>
      <nyaa:downloads>509</nyaa:downloads>
      <nyaa:infoHash>57fd10fd048772b747e48a25943eb0ded8b5a730</nyaa:infoHash>
      <nyaa:categoryId>1_2</nyaa:categoryId>
      <nyaa:category>Anime - English-translated</nyaa:category>
      <nyaa:size>1.4 GiB</nyaa:size>
      <nyaa:comments>0</nyaa:comments>
      <nyaa:trusted>No</nyaa:trusted>
      <nyaa:remake>No</nyaa:remake>
      <description>
        <a href="https://nyaa.si/view/1982830">#1982830 | [Yameii] WITCH WATCH - S01E08 [English Dub] [CR WEB-DL 1080p] [97DC3D6A]</a> | 1.4 GiB | Anime - English-translated | 57fd10fd048772b747e48a25943eb0ded8b5a730
      </description>
    </item>
  </channel>
</rss>
```
Which is fine, we'll just use a rust crate to process that. Which gives it in an entirely different format.

### Getting the episodes.
Now we just have to get the episodes. We kinda know the latest, but we defenitally know the ones the user has watched. Hence we can ignore those.

The problem is, the new ones. Due to their being **no standard torrent file naming format** (at least uploaders are consistent with their own naming). We have to use regex to get the information. Which means, writing a regex for every torrent that we want
(theres a lot of them). Ofc, i don't really want to have to edit the program every time i want to add a new torrent.

This is a problem i still need to work out how to fix. It would be nice if nyaa could just add a `<nyaa:episode>` and `<nyaa:season>` field but those aren't really that needed. I could do the other option of getting AI to process it. But thats too expensive
for my need.

### Getting the info hash
This is easy, once the previous step has been completed.

### Sending request to qbittorrent.
This is also easy, i have a crate (which i've semi-helped with) ready

### Moving the files.
This will be a bit more difficulty, partially because i have to worry about external storage disconnecting and qbittorrent getting annoyed at that.

Deleting the files, would just be remove them from qbittorrent and delete the content files in the process. (Same goes for that cache file)

### Overally...
Quite a lot of things to worry about. There is also the addition of how to store credentials (although that is done via my modified dotenv crate). Storing temporary data (maybe, not sure yet) and possible more. I'll figure something out though because i want to
finish this tool. Its going to be a really useful tool heading into Summer25.

I don't know yet if i'll release the source code or not. I'll end up explaining interesting parts on my blog. But it kinda depends on how i feel.

## Now time to get through the `next.md` file.

### Beginning with a new word
`eordearilrr`. Or well, `earlier`.

This happened a while ago... To be precise on <t:1749731880:D>. The story is that i was typing whilst walking. And without any spell checking. That word came out.

### Firefox vertical tabs
A month ago or so. I experimeneted with the vertical tabs on firefox (new feature)

And whilst vertical tabs are nice... You can't have the option to hide sidebar AND hover to expand. Hence causing me to switch back. Even then, due to using touchscreen sometimes. I would click on a tab just to get the bar stuck out because i was still "hovering"
. Hence i've decided to switch back to the normal tabs.

If both features could be had, and touch support on desktop was slightly better. Then it could be worth it as a feature to actively use. But for now, i'll stick to horizontal tabs.

### Git activity.
Normally i'm not active with anything i use. However i have helped out more recently as of late. Just small minor tweaks or fixes or even reporting bugs. Its nice being able to help out, especially on stuff which i use. Means i can help shape it into a better
product without having to reinevent the wheel.

Anything i host on github, i am open to anyone giving me pull requests and issues (Hence why i opened source them). I'm probably not popular enough yet to get people helping out with my work.

## Talking about github...
I have just went and archieved a bunch of my old projects. Things that i don't expect to work on any time soon. And things that i haven't really worked on in many years by now. If a repo is unarchieved it means that i am open to using it and updating it if issues
come in but i might not actively develop on it anymore.

## Alright end of blog
Due to the amount of code from the torrent section. This blog is double the length of a normal blog. And yet it feels like i've talked about so little..

I've got a PI to finish looking after. so... See you in july

Categories: [Pi Torrent Blog Github Firefox Word]
