# I wanted this post to be special
Considering it's been a year

However, due to certain circumstances (and me failing to read), it's a day late and hence a normal blog post.

## Well lets start with the delay (and a website update)
Ik i left website update til February but this was too important. This post needs it so yeah.

### Introducing local time
Which is to say, a very useful feature.

This feature comes from discord which, as a guess, most people probably don't know how to do. (They know it exists, but can't do it).
Basically, take any time in the unix epoch format and display it. For example, the current time i've copied is: <t:1737758342:T> which to me shows up as `22:39:02` but might show up differently to you. It's really simple.
The markdown code behind it is actually just `<t:1737758342:T>`.

However, the whole code behind it took a while to do, like anything does. As the feature isn't standard markdown, and i couldn't easy find an extension to do it, i implemented it myself. Bad idea ik.
The whole code is one big 82 line function, with multiple smaller functions inside all so i could just do `.use(markedLocalTime())`

### So time to document it, for next time.
Talking about documentation, i really should document more stuff, well get ready. To begin with, the actual object which is returned
```js
return {
  extensions: [{
    name: 'localtime',
    level: 'inline',
    start(src) {
      const start = src.match(/<t:/)?.index;
      return start === undefined || (start > 0 && src[start - 1] === '`') ? undefined : start;
    },
    tokenizer(src, tokens) {
      const rule = /^<t:(\d*)(:([tTdDfFR]))?>/;
      const match = rule.exec(src);

      return (match) ? {
        type: 'localtime',
        raw: match[0],
        time: Number(match[1]),
        format: match[3] == undefined ? 'f' : match[3],
      } : undefined
    },
    renderer(token) {
      return `<code>${format_time(token.time, token.format)}</code>`;
    },
  }],
}
```
The important part here is the object inside the `extensions` array. This object, has a couple of important values. This object also gave me the hardest time, during writing it i had `renderer` down as `render` instead. It took a while, the error was not helping
and i couldn't find anything about the error in the github repo, it was only until i decided to recheck everything i saw the issue.

To explain the functions simply. `start(src)` finds the start of the string where the token is. This is done be the simple `<t:` regex. The condition below checks if the character before the `<` is a backtick. This is so i can write the `<t:NUM:FORMAT>` in a code
block. The tokenizer function takes the start and creates the information for the token via a more complex regex. Mainly the time and format. Lastly the `render` renders it as a code block and passes it off to the actually format function.

The format function is big, it takes up the rest of the lines. (mainly because javascript has no good built in date formatting currently). But to put basically, there are 8 formats currently (all borrowed from discord system). The nice thing about my system however
is that if i need to, i can just add more formats whenever. I will have to update the regex, but thats not a big deal.

Currently these formats exists:
- `None`: <t:1737758342>
- `t`   : <t:1737758342:t>
- `T`   : <t:1737758342:T>
- `d`   : <t:1737758342:d>
- `D`   : <t:1737758342:D>
- `f`   : <t:1737758342:f>
- `F`   : <t:1737758342:F>
- `R`   : <t:1837758342:R>

As mentioned earlier, discord DOES have this feature but doesn't really explain how to do it. I mean, yes this page on the [developer portal](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#message-formatting) exist, but that is quite obscure.
Because of how useful this feature is (and as a `vencord` user), i've even gotten a plugin called `SendTimestamps` to give me an easy way of doing it. In case you want to do it yourself, [epoch converter](https://www.epochconverter.com/) is a good website i recommend.

## Now that the delay is over, lets start with the actual post.
Or well, a shortened version. I kinda lost interesting now it's the next day.

Long story short, <t:1705968000:d> is when i started watching anime for the first time, also know as <t:1705968000:R>. During the past year, watching 300+ anime which made up a sixth of total days in last year... Yeah quite a lot when you think about it.
And i'm still watching anime, each season has a mixture of unique good and bad shows, there are even some hidden charms among them and some very terrible show as well.

Originally, i wanted the whole post to be anime related, but due to it being the next day. I'm sticking with the normal blog post style. However i will still add in some of my **personally recommendations**. Anime is anime and there is obviously going to be a lot of
backlash, i'm expecting that.

### The list
Note: this list is ordered by the date i started watching them. This list also doesn't include what i'm currently watching.
- [Re:Zero (all seasons, dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/31240/Re_Zero_kara_Hajimeru_Isekai_Seikatsu): Probably one of the better isekai, yes the world has magic and swords but there is no such thing as status.
- [Ms. Vampire who lives in my neighbourhood (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/37579/Tonari_no_Kyuuketsuki-san): Vampires are cool and fun, this shows the day to night life of a vampire living among humans.
- [Villainess Level 99 (Sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/54837/Akuyaku_Reijou_Level_99__Watashi_wa_Ura-Boss_desu_ga_Maou_dewa_Arimasen): One of the first otome games i picked up, so kinda the most enjoyable for me. I do like how unlike most games/anime,
the MC is reckless here
- [Lycoris Recoil (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/50709/Lycoris_Recoil): Behind the scenes nature of japan with girls protecting it day in and out.
- [The weakest tamer begins a journey to pick up trash (Sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/53590/Saijaku_Tamer_wa_Gomi_Hiroi_no_Tabi_wo_Hajimemashita): Ivy and her slime, a cute duo surviving in this world that rejected them, whilst also saving a lot of people.
- [The Apothecary Diaries (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/54492/Kusuriya_no_Hitorigoto): In a big late medieval? style city where medician is a very important position. From living in the country side to saving the nobles, whilst also solving mysterious.
- [Gods Game We Play (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/50869/Kami_wa_Game_ni_Ueteiru): Playing games against the gods, and outwitting the gods to win said games. Something that i would like to partake in at some point.
- [Aokana (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/28391/Ao_no_Kanata_no_Four_Rhythm): Based on a visual novel, but i enjoyed the world. Being able to fly around and then have fun "fights" whilst in the air.
- [Highspeed Etoile (Sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/52405/Highspeed_Etoile): I've enjoyed racing shows like F1, or games like Rocket League, so turning it into anime is also something that is even more enjoyable (besides the poorly done AI track)
- [Myraid Colours Phantom World (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/31442/Musaigen_no_Phantom_World): Phantoms are just like vampires, unexplainable things living along side us in harmony. Really upbeat season and some good MCs
- [Girls Band Cry (Sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/55102/Girls_Band_Cry): A journey to find your true purpose in life, and a group you resinate with. Also came with very good songs that the whole band makes after their episodes.
- [Reincarnated as a sword (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/49891/Tensei_shitara_Ken_deshita): A unique isekai take, thankfully it doesn't dig too much into the "how we got here", and is really cleaver how they allowed the sword to move and get an owner.
- [Bofuri (all seasons, Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/38790/Itai_no_wa_Iya_nanode_Bougyoryoku_ni_Kyokufuri_Shitai_to_Omoimasu): One of the first VRMMO games i watched, and also a world i wish to experience one day. Being able to play with a party like that.
- [Establishment in Life (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/50862/Estab-Life__Great_Escape): A world where AI has taken over and people are in clusters, yet the master of the AIs is helping out a small group to give people more freedom because they cannot due to technical debt.
- [Sound! Euphonium (all season. Sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/27989/Hibike_Euphonium): A really emotional show, where a high school class is aiming for the top of the top, a true gold at nationals.
- [Star twinkle precure (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/38578/Star%E2%98%86Twinkle_Precure): The first precure season i watched, hence the second best. The multiple worlds in space with real aliens and the fact that no-one knows the names of the Villains.
- [Mahou Shoujo precure (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/31884/Mahoutsukai_Precure): The second precure season, but due to the usage of magic. It makes it even more better.
- [LBX Girls (Dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/36458/Soukou_Musume_Senki): A group of girls forcibly taken from their own worlds into one big weird merged world where they are trying to survive.
- [Bubble (dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/50549/Bubble): A movie based on a bedtime story, but animated and executed really well. Along with being in a cool environment with awesome music.
- [Pseudo Harem (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/54968/Giji_Harem): A bunch of short story about high school romance between one boy and a ton, wait no just one girl acting a bunch.
- [Made in abyss (all seasons, dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/34599/Made_in_Abyss): A bunch of children on a journey in a very dangerous place trying to find one parent and to uncover the secrets of the abyss.
- [2.5D Seduction (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/53802/25-jigen_no_Ririsa): Cross-players, and the whole world they live in. You might know it exists, but you don't know all the things that they go through just to get the perfect piece.
- [Dungeon People (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/56348/Dungeon_no_Naka_no_Hito): Instead of trying to invade and conquer a dungeon, having to work in the dungeon like an actual job. Which is surprisingly similar to real life jobs.
- [Mayonaka Punch (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/57947/Mayonaka_Punch): Vampires and youtube, and the goal of a million subscribers. Simple concept let the use of vampires makes it 10 times more fun
- [Makeine (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/57524/Make_Heroine_ga_Oosugiru): A semi-run down school, high school romance that has failed, and one club where there is a safe space for the girls to go and have fun.
- [Onimai (dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/51678/Oniichan_wa_Oshimai): Enjoyed enough to continue reading the manga. Tricked by their sister into becoming a girl and enjoying it more to the point of wanting to stay like that even longer.
- [Release the spyce (dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/37221/Release_the_Spyce): Spies, working behind the scenes and seeing the training progress in detail for said spies. Relationships and a very big plot-twist close to the end.
- [Loner Life (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/57891/Hitoribocchi_no_Isekai_Kouryaku): Yeah its a bog standard isekai, but it's one where he isn't getting revenge, or abusing his power to get everyone to love him. He just wants a peaceful life.
- [Strike Witches (first season, dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/3667/Strike_Witches): World War 1 where the enemy is not the humans, but from another dimension. And yet trusting blades strapped onto their feet, girls (with some magic) fight to keep the world at peace
- [Rascal does not dream of bunny girl senpai (all seasons, sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/37450/Seishun_Buta_Yarou_wa_Bunny_Girl_Senpai_no_Yume_wo_Minai): Puberty Syndrome, causes people to do weird things without anyone giving a care in the world.
A lot of stuff happened, with disappearing, swapping bodies, memories, duplication, and a whole bunch more. Whilst having the theory tried to be solved scientifically which also is a help to them.
- [Wakaba Girl (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/30355/WakabaGirl): Very short episodes of a spoiled girl trying to become a normal girl in a normal high school and her friends who put up with her to help her.
- [Is the order a rabbit (sub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/21273/Gochuumon_wa_Usagi_desu_ka): A cute blend between medieval another world style and the modern day technologies, whilst living in a coffee shop by day and bar by nice place, having fun every day.
- [How a realistic hero rebuilt the kingdom (all seasons, dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/41710/Genjitsu_Shugi_Yuusha_no_Oukoku_Saikenki): Another isekai, but no status and no "beating the demons", just trying to save themselves by improving the kingdom in a lot of ways
- [Princess Principal (all seasons, dub)](https://myanimelist.net/anime/35240/Princess_Principal): Probably the best spy season i've watched so far, and to think it's set in london. The C-Ball and Cavorite technology makes all the missions even more fun than regular
old spy missions

I've kept the list small, there were a lot more that i could have added (especially recently as times changed), but i didn't want to overwhelm too much so yeah. Next year, who knows. I might do a new list i might not.

## Still more stuff to talk about
But it's going to be a two-parter blog post.
I want to get this out whilst still being a reasonable length, yet i want to write more. SO i'm going to make a new blog post with more stuff by the end of this week.

## Although last thing... An announcement.
If i announce it, i might have more motivation to do it, or have less depending on the thing it is.

I've hinted at stuff to do with my game, because if i say too much i'm just going to end up not working on it and it's a really good game so far. But some stuff i will actually do better if i announce it instead. Which is what i'll do here.

Starting March, i plan to stream again. Due to potentially depression? (i'll explain in a future post), i took a break. But now that i have anime and manga to fall back on, and due to this manga: [Shitsuren shita node VTuber Hajimetara Toshiue no Oneesan ni Motemashita](https://myanimelist.net/manga/171507).
I want to get back into streaming. Yes, i won't have any thing as special as what this manga has when they started, but i want to do something even if it's not much.

If you've been reading these posts, you'll know i've been working on a story. Release said story at the end of February. I also want to draw the story out, but because of other stuff and me being bad at drawing. Thats going to take a while if i tried to do it on my own.

So due to said manga, i want to stream myself doing it. The time, well <t:1737763200:t> (Midnight UTC+0/GMT). Or somewhat close to that time (might be offset by an hour). Planned stream of about an hour, maybe two every Monday, Wednesday and Fridays.
I'll figure out more details closer to the time but its something i want to try again.

## Alright, thats enough for this post.
I want to talk about more technically stuff, but i also want to watch anime and then head to bed. So the technically stuff will come out later.

Categories: [Website Anime Streaming]
