# An early morning blog post. Becausse it's holiday time.
And yet, it won't be announced until later today, or this evening. It's probably around <t:1752272164:D> <t:1752272164:T> by the time you're reading this. (or you are from the future on a totally different day)

## Right, lets talk about holiday.
I'm going to ********* which is about **** away from hour, staying over for a week

And thats all i'll say. Hence the next blog post, might be able my holiday trip. Depending on how much i actually have to talk about. I do want a "holiday" holiday this year.

## Auto post blog posts
*This is a weird subtitle but it gets the point across*

As explained in my recent mastodon post: https://silversword.online/@dragmine149/114805871520759904. These blog posts automatically get posted to mastodon (via the help of the pi). For those curious, the rust source code is here: [Website-poster.rs](Blog/Assets/2025-07-11/website-poster.rs)
 (way too long to deem shoving in here). But to simplify:

Every day at <t:1752272024:T>, the pi runs this rust program (via a cronjob) which:
- Sends a reqwest to `https://dragmine149.github.io/Blog/list.json`
- Processes that json into a struct
- Compares the release date (in title) by the last know blog post date (via a stored file)
- Generates and sends the post to mastodon.

Now this way of doing stuff, obviously brings up some questions. Which i'll answer (not like anyone asked me these though)

### Why a separate program, instead of something like a github action?
Whilst true, a github action would work. It would also mean:
- Giving my mastodon account to github
- Forced post as soon as website update
- Slightly slower updates

As much as i know github isn't going to use my mastodon account. There is a very very slim chance that something else could. Hence it's safer to run it on the pi, where i know only those on my local network can access it. The PI, being local, also
means i can modify things way quicker if need by (rarley though). The forced post issue, is the best way of doing stuff. Whilst i'm generating the list in the first place. Just generate the post and post it along side, soon after the list update.
The other option is to make a new workflow just that runs daily, but that is no different.

The reason i don't want it posting as soon as i upload, is because i would rather wait until a quieter time that guaranteed to be quieter as i update pretty much whenever and wherever.

### Why automate it anyway?
Because i'm just going to keep forgetting otherwise.

### Is my mastodon account going to be a bot now?
No, not at all. I still plan to post other things every now and again, And according to the checkbox:
> Signal to others that the account mainly performs automated actions and might not be monitored

I'm still monitoring it, and it's only one action being automated. I'm still doing everything else myself.

### Why at <t:1752272024:T>?
To me, that time is `23:13`. A time where i can leave tomorrow me dealing with whatever happens instead of today me.

## Qbittorrent Memory issue...
Which is not an issue? According to `btop` it says it's taking up `2.XGB` of memory, yet it only takes up a max of `512MB`. Well, as long as it doesn't overwhelm the pi it's fine. (And the pi gets restarted daily anyway)

## Talking about torrents...
The first version of my torrent auto downloader program works. Not perfectly, i still have some bugs to iron out. But i can get data from MAL, convert it into hash via NYAA, and submit a download request (whilst categorising the folders correctly).

As said though, i still have bugs to iron out. The first run attempted to download WAY too much data. But once it's setup i don't have to worry about when i'm watching anime (as i will already have it), and i can help / give back to the torrent network.

## Time to end the post
I've mostly been trying to get programs finished this week, so have nothing to talk about. And besides, i kinda need to get going soon. Hence for this week, we will once again part.

Categories: [Holiday Torrent Pi Mastodon]
