# The technically post
As a follow up to the previous post.

## How technically are we getting?
Well, into the world of git. More specifically the sever side of git.

## Github is a really useful place
Just commit and push and uploaded, simple easy to use. Even run automations.

However, like any cloud based service you are still uploading your code to somewhere else, no matter how secure the service might be. Which is something i don't want for my game.

## So if i'm not uploading my game to github, to what then?
At first, i just wasn't committing my game at all, it just fells wrong to have a git instant without actually `pushing` it somewhere. Eventually i got backups setup and started using them as a sort of version control instead.
The reason for me to actually use git again, was due to github restrictions in a different project.

So now, both my game and a different project are being stored on the [pi](https://www.raspberrypi.com/) as well.

## This other restriction?
One of my projects i work on, is the LDG guild website theme. In order for quick and easy changes, we use github to store the data and a automatically generated action to build and publish to wordpress.
To make sure we don't break stuff, we have a `staging` branch where most of our tests go, eventually to be merged into the main branch.

The action requires us to upload the artifact to github, before wordpress takes over and uploads that data to the site for the site to update. However, because of how big our theme is. When we're doing multiple iterations uploading many times, github gets annoyed

Apparently there is a file size limit on actions, which i've reached multiple times before. Idk how to decrease it other than waiting, and i don't do stuff with big projects enough to warrant paying for a github subscription. Hence my idea of using the pi instead.

## Now for the fun stuff, setting up the pi for git use.
And well actually giving the pi a use. Before the pi has only really been used for running discord bots. So getting the pi to do more stuff is actually nice.

Setting up git is easy:
- Make user account (optional)
- Run `git init --bare {project}.git`
- (local) Run `git remote set-url 192.168.120.15:{PATH}/{project}.git`

As long as `ssh` has already been setup with a key, the basics of storing stuff on the pi is completed. Just repeat for each project.

## But wait, what about other features?
Github isn't just a place to store files, you also have access to stuff like issues, pull requests, actions, etc.

Well thats when it gets more complicated. Thankfully, github provides it's source code for use and there are many branches like [gitlab](https://about.gitlab.com/), [gitea](https://about.gitea.com/).

In the end, i chose to go and setup gitea on the pi.

## Setting up gitea.
Which can be split up into different stages.

### The first stage, fixing the pi.
Previously, i tried to setup wordpress which sort of worked. This did mean however i also made a database kinda incorrectly. Nothing was broken per say, it just was slightly annoying to do stuff with.

So after figuring out how to wipe the database, and creating one from scratch. The setup process of gitea (database side at least), was easy enough.

### The next stage, installing gitea.
Simple, follow the instructions and done. Although wait, things aren't in the places i want them to be in. And i can't use ssh?

The ssh was a different problem, but the files not being where i expected them to be was annoying. In the end, i decided to reinstall gitea and re-setup the `git` user account (it was already in a meh state from previous experiments).

Resetting gitea wasn't that bad, setting up the account did send me through some loops due to the different commands for different operating systems and the possible parameters you can pass into them. The whole process is something i should have documented
at the time of doing it instead of waiting a couple of days...

Eventually, gitea was all set up again and things where they should be. I also worked out the ssh issue.

The ssh issue was caused by me having my own key in the `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` file, which was there in order for me to log in to the git account to be able to set it up.
After working this out, i removed my key from the file and ssh for git was working again. If i ever need to get access to the git account i just ssh into a different account on the pi (where my key is in the file), and then `su` (switch user) to the `git` account.

### Lastly, actions.
The main reason for setting gitea up in the first place. Actions took a bit of working out how to setup as they aren't setup by default.

Eventually, i managed to get it to a point where the actions would run, as long as i ran a command. Getting to this point wasn't that hard as it just involved following some simple steps. trying to get the command to run as a system daemon so i didn't have to
worry about it was harder.

In the end, this ended up being my `/etc/systemd/system/act_runner.service` file:
```service
[Unit]
Description=Gitea Actions runner
Documentation=https://gitea.com/gitea/act_runner
After=docker.service

[Service]
ExecStart=/home/git/act_runner daemon --config /home/git/act_config.yaml
ExecReload=/bin/kill -s HUP $MAINPID
WorkingDirectory=/home/git/
TimeoutSec=0
RestartSec=10
Restart=always
User=git

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```
The reason why this took a while to figure out how to get working, was because of the `WorkingDirectory` parameter for the `[Service]` section. What the examples was showing was something else which wasn't working for me.
But after fixing that, actions are running whenever i tell them to.

## Although now the fun bit, setting up the actions.
Now that the pi is setup, the fun bit is setting up the actions.

Action setup is easy, i've done it multiple times for github. The difference that made it harder was the pi itself.

The pi runs using the `aarch64` architecture (similar to `arm64` i believe). My laptop runs using the `x86_64` architecture. As such, i'm used to running and downloading the `x86_64` version of everything.
However when it came to setting up the workflows to automatically build my game, that was the first issue i ran into.

The second issue was just that my builds were failing all over the place, due to some of my bad code. This was easily fixed.

The third issue came with uploading stuff. Originally, i tried to use `actions/upload-action@v4` but `GHES` (github enterprise servers) don't support `v4` yet, and considering gitea is like a fork, it makes sense as to why.
It was annoying and did take a while to work out.

The fourth issue came with me not understanding docker. Some of the commands i needed to run, required system installation (from apt), because it was my own system i thought that it would have access to system wide stuff. Apparently not though.
In the end, i just provided the executable in the project files instead of trying to get apt to update and download it via the action.

But now the action is setup, i came just push and get the pi to build for me. Play testing is so much easier now.

## And finally, everything is done.
I still have to setup the action, and wordpress for the LDG website project, but that can wait until next month when i start working on both my website and that website.

For now though, time to take a break and play.

Categories: [Git Game Website Pi]
