# And we're back... on a monday but written on a sunday.

It's been too long since the last post. Something happened (not going into it, please don't dig) and the blog got put off, and then other stuff happened pushing the blog further down the line. But now i have time, now i can do stuff without too much
issue. We'll have another post!

## Sunday and monday, what that about?
I wanted to write this for the previous friday release, but it's sunday when i'm writing it which is not uncommon, it's happened before. However, as monday is right round the corner (and start of september) it kinda makes sense to combine these.
Besides, some of the topics are going to combine them anyway.

## So like always, here is the list of things that i've done (from last month)
- [#] Website rework
  - [X] Convert to typescript (hopefully)
  - [ ] reduce size of everything
  - [#] replace BeerCSS with tailwind CSS
  - [.] upgrade tree in css?
  - [#] Smaller file sizes
  - [ ] More options, better UI navigation
  - [ ] router (`/blog` and `/Blog` lead to same place)
  - [ ] Better blog page + titles + sidebar jumping
- [ ] EToH Improvements
  - [ ] Cleaner menu bar
  - [ ] Graphs
  - [ ] Settings
  - [ ] Quicker loading (and offline support)
  - [ ] Better navigation (search mainly)
  - [ ] More features
  - [X] Wiki scraping
- [ ] Better MAL
  - [ ] Actually some work on it...
- [#] Daily Story
- [ ] Daily Art

> Key:
> - `[X]` Done
> - `[#]` In-progress
> - `[.]` Looked at

Well i've done some of the stuff. Kinda forgot about some of the other stuff i had planned as well like improving `Better MAL` or `Daily Art`, just proof of how often i check my past work... I have however done other things and a lot of issues/PR
(the most i've done on any repo in any given amount of time), so lets get into stuff.

### Website rework
I've already talked about the conversion to typescript [early august](https://dragmine149.github.io/Blog/?blog=2025-08-10) but some other stuff has happened since and some stuff still in the works.

The main thing which has happened, is the background is now black, permanently. Well, thats until the next section. To make the website load quicker, and reduce the file sizes, i removed the whole `dayjs` external library i was relying on, and besides
i barley used half of it, so no need to import everything. Due to this change however, i had to add in custom functions (which i thought were correct) for the stuff which got removed. But because timing is somewhat complicated to get my head around
i ended up in a half-broken state and haven't been bothered to fix it. The black background is one of the better colours which allows the website to still be readable.

Another thing which has happened, is the removale of `font-awesome` kinda. I just hard coded the icons instead of dynamically loading them. which saves loading speeds by a lot. The icons are good, it's just the file size is gigantic because every
single icon is downloaded, no matter if it's used or not. Yes i could have used a sub section of the files instead of `all` but thats effort, hence hard coding it is. This basically made the website skip the biggest factor slowing it down a nice
benefit.

Now for the local stuff, i'm working on remaking all the css for the website. With tailwind helping out. This is replacing the current solution of `BeerCSS`, as useful as Beer is, it's also kinda complicated you have to follow their templates and
customising it is not hard but not just a simple class or similar. This does however mean the website is broken locally until i finish the rework, so this won't be live for a while.

As much as i want to get away from writing css and just let tailwind deal with it, i've still having to write a lot to get some functionality
working. But it's going to be worth it in the end. This redesign also allows me to replace some of the javascript code with css instead, making the website more interactable for those who don't want to use javascript. I can't just fully get rid of
javascript however as some of the more important features require it to make the website how i want it to function.

I do plan however, to have a special sub-section something like `{url}/no-script` which has all the data pre-rendered, most of my website doesn't require js at all, it's just rendering it which is the issue most of the time. So the sub site won't look
too much different. However, i do want to in the future add some mini-esc games website-globally and some other things which might have to rely on js which can't be on the sub dir. And for those asking why don't i just do a traditinoal website?
I've explain this in the past but i'll explain again. I like websites better where reloading / change of page is not visible to the user. And when i go to find an example i can't... Basically, websites where the browser shows the white empty background
during page changes is what i'm talking about. It makes sense why, some of the HTML has already been transferred so the website should be displaied but not enough is transferred to display anything meanful so it's just a white background. My system
midigrates that by just not switching the page at all.

Enough about that, as for the other things... idk when i'lll get round to them yet. But their still on the list and might just end up becoming part of the main css rework.

### Upgrade tree
I've started to work on the basics of this. I won't spoil too much yet, because my code is only really concepts instead of anything actual solid. Annoyingly, to get it to work how i want. Some trade offs are going to happen. Conditional statements in
css don't really happen without a ton a ton of code whilst i want to keep it kinda small (because basic knowledge).

### EToH
Not much has happened here. I did spend time making a wiki scraper though. Which downloads from roblox, pings the wiki, updates the data daily. This means that if the wiki is wrong, it's wrong for that day. But it also maens data is updated quicker!
Until EToH adds a new badge or something just breaks it. At some point, i want to remove the python reliance in the program as that deals with wikitext parsing. And i also want to spend up the network requests and how data is processed. All
optimisations can wait though as the data doesn't need to be updated that frequently.

On the other side, i've started working on converting to ts as well, and ran into many issues. Escpecially with eslint also getting annoyed at me... This is going to take a while to convert but like the main website should be much better once converted.
Just got to deal with unconventional js i wrote first though...

### Daily story
Which was daily, i was spending like an hour writing it per day but then once routine is broken of something not too solid, it kinda falls apart a lot. I did make some good progress in the amount i did do though, so i plan to try and continue it in
september as well.

### Better MAl
Already mentioned, forgot about this. I am going to have to redesign it from scratch instead of improve on what i've got currently due to limitations and new techniques i've learnt over the past month.

### Daily art
I couldn't find a reasonable time slot to do it in. I didn't want to do it in the mornings right after writing a story. And in the evenings i just end up doing other stuff. So i forgot about it. I think, i'll leave this be until i've found something
that makes me want to do it again.

## As for other stuff outside of the list...
I've been working on a lot of rust. Contributing to this crate: https://github.com/Mattress237/qbittorrent-webui-api. Fixing bugs, adding features, talking about potenital code just to discard it later due to not worth it and more, kinda the most
interaction i've had with working on a project with someone else for ages. And its nice, just throwing code back and forth between each other. It kinda all started when i just found bugs with code because using you're own project makes you find the
things that you'll never find in development. According to github (after finding the page), i've done:

```diff
107 commits (thanks debugging)
++ 2405
-- 1259
```

over all the time i've helped. It's not the most by any means but it shows how enjoyable it's been to keep going back to keep working on it other than just fixing the initial issue i ran into.

## I've also semi been streaming
Not a lot, still getting back into it. But i have done streams, and i want to continue them and more games as well. Hopefully maybe even some videos if i get around to doing that. I'm not particullar fused about numbers i just want to hang out and talk
and fail horrible at the easy stuff... (or just get my unlucky card game luck)

## So, for september... ===HERE IS LIST FUTURE ME===
- More work on website css (maybe even release or close to at least)
- Improved website settings
- Main website mobile edition?
- EToH to Typescript, improved UI
- Daily story
- Streaming (1/w?)
- Upgrade tree demo?

Thats the main things i'm kinda focusing on right now. The `?` are kinda hints at stuff which might not get done. This list is shorter than usually because i want to spend more time and focus on specific stuff rather than a lot of stuff.

## The after list stuff. Things i've just remembered i've done

### Advent of code in Turing Complete
2019 Day 4 has been completed and 2019 Day 5 is being worked on. Once i've done all 25 days, i want to record a video showing all the computers in action as they try to compute the answer to that day. That video is going to take hours to record... i
kinda have a lot of optimising to do as well... hehe. But the end video should be impressive and worth it. Just might be a couple hours long but whatever, other people have done similar stupid stuff. AFAIK, no-ones done a whole year in TC but i'll
see eventually when i post the reddit post sometime next year as binary maths is not fun...

## And thats pretty much all.
Time to leave this post sitting for a day locally before pushing it to github tomorrow and posting it. September seems like it's going to be somewhat busy with schedules changes and other stuff going on. But whatever, stuff has to be done eventually.
Now i better go back to working on that cv and just having some fun playing around. Although writing professional stuff is not my fortei as my way of writing does not really fit in with anything.

For those who read this far, thank you and enjoy wondering what the previous two sentences hints were about :).

## Whats this? An extra section.
To most it'll look the same, but this section is written on monday instead of every other previous section on sunday. Lets talk about my game.

The progress is once again kinda on-hold. My working environment doesn't really let me use godot as well as i could...

When i'm making something, i have at most 3 windows, other temporary windows might appear later though. I've got the code editor, a terminal, and the application running which i'm developing (either `localhost` in browser, or another application)
When it comes to godot though... I can either use the in-built editor (which is decent, but missing some important features), or my personal choice of zed. If i use zed, thats 4 windows which becomes a bit harder to manage (especially with 2 of them
being full screen). If i use godot, i have to deal with not so good editor, and some small qwerks that just makes dev life a tad bit harder when trying to quickly iterate.

The 3 window setup works becausse i use `alt-tab`. Most of the time, it's just `alt-tab` from my code editor to the application and vis-versa. My code editor deals with backgrounds tasks such as building files so that its ready when i switch windows.
My terminal is only really used when i need to commit something, or run some tests which are easier to do from cmd, but most of the time thats out of the way and not used so `alt-tab` works pretty well. When it comes to godot though... Because the game
window is not yet embeddable in-editor (thanks wayland), its another window to manage which is where my system then starts to fall apart. So until i get a better setup, work out a way to switch easier or just wait for when embedding does eventually find
its way in, i probably won't do much game for a while.

Categories: [Monthly, Website, EToH, Game]
