# Who says we can't have a saturday blog? Especially when the update took forever...
I really need to improve the preview...

## Anyway, the main point of the blog. A VERY big website update.
and by "very big", i mean a bunch of behind the scenes changes that will probably not impact anything at all...

Whenever i'm working on something, if i come back to it a couple of months later, i normally end up rewriting a major part of it due to "not liking it". Hence why i keep the website as minimilistic as possible, less things = less to code = less to not like.
However this time though, it really was a mess...

## So, what did i rewrite this time?
The whole `page_loader.js` file, aka the whole system that deals with loading the pages (loading this blog post as well).

Why? Because the old version was all over the place. Function calls with very specific required arguments, bad documentation, bad design, etc.

This new system however, takes the previous old system and separates it up into multiple classes. `loader`, `page`, `scripts`, `customHistory`. As well as improving pretty much all aspects of the website.

The major benefit with this new system, is how much easier it is to use than the old system. Instead of having to make a URL, etc, i can just pass in specific arguments when loading a page. Take the AOC 2024 page for example,
previously i would had to do:
```js
page.params = '?blog=aoc/2024';
page.load_page('Blog')
```
But now i can just do
```js
page.load_page('Blog', page.generate_search_params({'blog': 'aoc/2024'}));
```
Although it might look slightly more complex, it's way better than what it was beforehand, as things just make more sense.

### The other major change is with caching.
This is better explained separately.

To improve load speed of pages, upon request the page. The page is immediately stored in a variable (`loader.cache`). The point of this is to eat up a tiny bit of memory in order for speed. Some other parts of the website will also have their own unique cache
system, but this is either for when data has changed from the original, or data is stored locally to make it easier to access.

So the major change here is just how the cache works. kinda.

It works the same way as before, storing the result of `fetch()` in cache, and returning the cached value when found. Although what it does with that data is slightly different.
The new system process the data before returning it, whilst the old system required the caller to process the data. A small change like this just mean that all the data was processed in the same way, which was my kind of plan with this update.

Make sure everything (raw) is processed the same way.

The old system was called `page`, as the original purpose was for it to only deal with loading the page. However, i ended up using it for more things than loading pages (got it to load the blog posts, the projects page). Hence the need for the improved caching system.

I mentioned earlier that the cache is needed to improve load times. Well if you wanted to, you can experience this for yourselves no matter your internet speed. The current (as of <t:1739647880:d>) project page is semi-poorly written and hence you can see it loading.
This is planned to be improved, but for now. If you go to the [projects page](https://dragmine149.github.io/Projects), you'll be able to see the elements update one by one the first time you load something. But the next time they load super quickly.

### Why do we cache though?
Most other websites probably don't do it, and we loose the cache immediately on reload so why bother?

Although the data is very small, caching just saves network requests. Like, how often is a page going to update to the point of requiring to need to fetch it every time we visit it?

As the website does everything without ever sending you to another page (it might look like it, but thats just the work of `customHistory`). If we were to re-request, especially for slower internet speeds the page will be blank for a lot of the time.
Technically, when we are request a page in the browser on any other site, we get a white background. But over the past couple of years using the web, everyone has gotten used to that. But to have a different colour is well different. And differences can cause issues.

And besides, how often are pages going to update? It's not like i'm changing every single page every single second and publishing a new version of the website every single second (correction, every ~15 seconds due to how long github takes to make the website).
There is really no need to send any more network requests than necessary.

#### But then, why isn't the data being stored locally?
I would love to store data locally, between site visits. However, the browser has a limit of `~5MB` on `localStorage`. Any more and i would have to download the file and do some weird extra user interaction stuff which i do not want to do.
I could try to compress the data as much as possible, but at some point even with a ton of compression the website will have more data that can be stored and will need to be recievered every time (like images).

## What else got changed?
Projects page got a big rewrite, but this was due to the new system requiring it.

### A new feature, Modules.
The blog is done with `markdown`, howwever i want other parts of the site to be able to use markdown (for example, the `Projects` page.) So what to do?

Copy and paste code all over the place? Or have a centrilised location for the code?

In the end, well actually from the very beginning i choice to centerilise the code. Having one place where i can make sure the code loads how it needs to load is way better than seperating it out all over the place. Especially when multiple over things are required.

Hence the birth of `modules`, which loads a module and all the require scripts. On top of that, it loads them in the correct order and makes sure that they all exists. All i need to do is tell it which scripts i want it to load for that modules (example below)
```js
class Modules
__modules = {
    "markdown": {
      "main": "Modules/markdown.js",
      "js": [
        "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/marked/marked.min.js",
        "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/marked-footnote/dist/index.umd.min.js",
        "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/marked-custom-heading-id/lib/index.umd.js",
        "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/marked-highlight/lib/index.umd.js",
        "Blog/marked_local_time.js",
        "Blog/marked_improved_image.js",
        "Blog/marked_center_text.js",
        // highlight.js assets required for marked-highlight
        "Assets/highlight/highlight.min.js"
      ],
      "css": [
        "Assets/highlight/styles/tokyo-night-dark.min.css"
      ]
    }
  };

  //...
}
```
And then provided a simple tiny tag (or multiple tags if we have multiplee)
```html
<module>markdown</module>
```
And the system will load the rest.

It's nice when you can just get the website to do most of the heavy lifting and all you have to do is provide one tag in the site every now and again. Of cause, due to how the site works, The module only needs to be loaded once. Howvver we still include it from
everywhere to make sure it gets loaded no matter where you go, without having to visit X or Y first.

## Nearly at the end of the update li~... Never mind.
There is one more update which i've released... to a separate branch which is inaccessible unless you download the repo and run the website yourself.

I actually worked out how to do settings, how to store data in the local browser between sessions. Which i also implemented. But the reason for it being on another branch well... What are you meant to do about the cookie banner stuff?

I need to do more research on the legal behind if i need to have a cookie banner or not. Personally i would prefer not to have the cookie banner but i'll just have to see what legal stuff says. The cookie banners are just annoying imo, but i completely understand why they are there.
No matter if i end up adding one or not adding one, i'll explain in the settings menu every setting, what it's used for, and try to be as open as possible.

## Just a warning...
There is one minor issue with the website which i haven't solved yet. Sometimes the `Markdown` class will fail to load, breaking everything that requires markdown. This is however, easily fixed by refreshing the website. (The new page loader system should mean
you won't loose you page, unlike certain pages in the old system). All i can say is that this has happened since this update, it happened to me during my testing (locally) and is something i'll keep an eye on and hopefully fix eventually.

## Okay, enough website. I've focused on that for way too long.
The past couple of nights, i've spent until midnight just debugging my website and making sure i can get things working. Then i've stayed up til 2/3 watching anime. (The time i stay up to isn't going to change, but at least i won't be busy with website all night).

## So time for something else to finish this blog, the pi.
After setting up the pi last week, it has seem to be running fine. Mostly.

The default fan settings are a bit too high, the pi currently lives in the living room where people gather and watch tv, etc. During quiet times however, the original fan speed / condition did make it loud enough to count as background noise.
After doing a bit of research, i managed to come across this [Stack Exchange](https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com/questions/145927/raspberry-pi-5-edit-modify-temperature-limit-for-the-active-cooler-fan) post, which helped being able to reduce the speed and noise.

Following the post, i set the settings to the following:
```sh
# Note: technically this is probably not a `sh` file but it looks cooler, and easier to read.

# Fan speed
dtparam=fan_temp0=30000
dtparam=fan_temp0_hyst=25000
dtparam=fan_temp0_speed=10
dtparam=fan_temp1=55000
dtparam=fan_temp1_hyst=30000
dtparam=fan_temp1_speed=50
dtparam=fan_temp2=62500
dtparam=fan_temp2_hyst=55000
dtparam=fan_temp2_speed=125
dtparam=fan_temp3=80000
dtparam=fan_temp3_hyst=62500
dtparam=fan_temp3_speed=255
```

This helped, for a while and then for esome reason. The fan just started to turn on loud even though the 55°C wasn't actually hit yet (and it didn't go lower than 30°C).
So i've changed all the `hyst` to 7500, which seemed to have helped. I don't actually know what the `hyst` means or is meant to do / be. But for now, the pi isn't overheating or making too much noise, so not much of a concern.

## Alright, thats all for now.
Yay i get to take a break from my website for a while. Although i like working on my website, chacing the same things over and over again does get annoying after a while, especially with how late i work (i know i could work earlier, but my current schedule just
works, so less of a need to change it.)

I'll talk about AI next week, since i've been using it a lot recently and well i kinda want to share my experience, however this blog is long and i want a tiny bit more experience first

For now though, time to rest from my website and work on the LDG website... Next week.

Categories: [Website Pi]
