# Title is a title.

Because information is information

## I've had too many things i want to do this week...

It's less so, that theres too many. And more so that those projects are just a tad bit too big to start working on currently. The projects are:
- A self-made AI
- Discord client

Both big projects but both some i do want to work on... I've kinda know where i want to start those projects as well which makes it even more annoying. For the time being however, i want to get website css improvements done ASAP. Just because they
are overdue and take quite a lot of time. That being said...

## I have free time this next week, aka... more streams!
My oshi is currently away on holiday so i'm just going to stream in those slots. I don't plan on replacing them, i plan to do my own stuff. Them going on holiday just allows me to do more stuff even if it fells a bit like `now what?`. And what better
to stream than more games and discord client creation. Yep, a ton of stuff.

I plan to start working on my discord client clone, as long as my laptop allows me to stream it nicely. Even though i'm currently using the browser version of discord w/ shelter, discord is still way too expensive. Even if other programs are taking up
a ton of CPU, closing discord just allows for those to run more smoothly rather than run into issues. Also, does a chat client really need to take up 600 MB+ of memory when idle? SO my plain is to work on discord client and then play more of `Mr Maggie
's Harmless Card Game`. A double stream which i've rarley done. But it should be worth it and fun hopefully. And annoying of cause, trying to reverse engerneer the discord client...

My discord client plan is to make one from scratch using as little resources as possible whilst still giving all the customisation as any other client modification. Which sounds like a really hard challenge and probably will end up being a hard
challenge. Especially when it comes to the more advanced features like voice channels. The client will be open-source and due to my hopeful goal of using it daily. It also means support will be up to me because if something breaks then i have to fix
it to use it again. That being said, PRs and issues will be accepted because it's too much work on my own.

My card game plan is simple, get to wednesday. If my card luck is nice which it rarley is...

All of that, tomorrow. Monday. So if you're reading this, see you monday evening uk time.

## I made another useless feature.
On my local branch of the website, i've recently added the ability for noscript users to be able to change the time of day as they want. It's not perfect but it's not designed to be perfect. Just a simple custom made slider with 24 ticks for each hour.
The purpose just because i want to. It also gives them more freedom as to how they view the website due to the website changing without them doing much. It works by a lot of radio buttons, labels and just setting a css variable to a delay for the time
requested. Without this, unless you waited a couple of hours you'll never see even 93% of the colours...

As for javascript users, you'll get a much better UI with more features as more is allowed. I wanted to do as much as possible in pure css though so slight comprisise have to be made in places.

Talking about the background, the colours have been finialised. The text colours still need a bit of work but everything else is perfect. I've just got to work on features such as custom colours and everything else related to it. And yes, custom
colours!

### Custom colours
One of the main features i wanted in the background rewrite was the ability for user designed colours schemes if they can be bothered to make 288 colours (96 * 3). I'll also make different save slots and an ability to easily share them as 288 hex
colours is quite a lot... (I have to do `alt + [` just to collapse the nodes to save scrolling time)

### Next stages
The next stages for my website include working on the blog and settings page. Once i've done the background ts. I'll probably have to work on settings page first though just to make stuff like background easier to do. I also seem to have a deadline
coming up real soon... Winter is going to start again in just under 8 weeks. Which i'll set as my deadline for the whole css rework. Just because one of the other things i need to do is make the particle system css based, or at least modernised. As
particleJS is a bit outdated for our needs...

The updates i've done so far have definitally improved the fell and made it more myself in a way with some of my weird design choices. So i plan to keep this theme going into the next pages. Don't worry, the theme is pretty much the same as it was
originally, there won't be any major changes.

As for my goal of less css, probably will fail. I've kinda made MORE css for myself... oops. It looks better though so whatever. Even though i have more css, i will still aim to make the website as small as possible to fit in the 11KiB network request
limit. Speed is key and i shouldn't be the one causing your latency.

## Dedicated section to games, because why not.
with a tiny text thingy.

### EToH
I've beaten another tower in EToH. ToSI in particular. A nice tower but also annoying just like half the other towers in r3. I do plan on continuing CoLS at some point, and when CoBG comes out i'll stream that along side CoLS. Purgatorio is going to
be offline as i want to beat that with a friend in our own time. I don't know yet if i'll stream other towers. Sometimes i just want to play without worrying about `ending stream because i rage quit`

And for those only interested in my tower tracker... Thanks for using it... I'm surprised honestly. I went to check on cloudflare to see the network traffic, as all requests to roblox have to go through cloudflare due to cors. And to those using it
thanks, honestly. I never expected people to use it and i never really looked at the staticstics of it. Just shows how much work i've got to do on it to make it better. I have a couple of improvements to make at least, like a lot. Which might
have to be my focus for the next couple of days... I will promise typescript and smaller files by the end of september though. I will also promise more fixes, a new api update and a slightly better UI.

### My game.
I've worked out how to develop in godot without keybind mess. By using the taskbar more. Yes, the taskbar...

As much as i have the taskbar, i don't really use it. If i need an application, i launch it via albert of the application menu. Just because i have it and its way quicker to search than it is to click a button meant for quick access... yeah.
So, if i can just override my muscle memory i might be able to do a lot of progress again!

I'll have to see how it goes the next time i try, but at least i have a somewhat valid solution now.

### Upgrade Tree
I haven't started work on this yet, but i've got most of the functionality worked out. I haven't yet worked out how to fully do rebirthing / prestige / resets. But once i do, i should be able to start making headway. I can't promise any sort of solid
schedule yet due to having to work on other stuff. It'll probably be a once it's done it's done rather than a guaranteed release date or anything.

### AOC TC
Yes this is AOC but it's Turing complete so it goes here.

I keep failling into the trap of `Lets spend hours to improve this one component so that we can save 1 gate`. Hence my day 5 hasn't been completed yet. Once i do complete every 25 days though, i do plan on making a video. Other than that not much
to talk about here...

## End of blog
I've got anime to catch up on, and i'm out of stuff to talk about.

So, see you tomorrow. Or well, today depending on when this is being read. (Or in that case, some time in the future...)
